S-1/A 1 a2218972zs-1a.htm S-1/A  

Use these links to rapidly review the document  
[TABLE OF CONTENTS](#bg10501_table_of_contents)  
[INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS](#fa10501_index_to_consolidated_financial_statements)  

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14,
2014**

**Registration Statement No. 333-194379**

  

<div
style="width:100%;border-top:solid #000000 3.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in 0in;font-size:3.0pt;">

</div>

<div
style="width:100%;border-top:solid #000000 1.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in 0in;font-size:4.0pt;">

</div>

**UNITED STATES  
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**  
**

**Amendment No. 3 to  
Form S-1  
REGISTRATION STATEMENT  
UNDER  
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**  
**

**Applied Optoelectronics, Inc.  
**(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

**13115 Jess Pirtle Blvd.  
Sugar Land, TX 77478  
(281) 295-1800  
**(Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area
Code, of Registrant's Principal Executive Offices)

**Chih-Hsiang (Thompson) Lin  
President and Chief Executive Officer  
13115 Jess Pirtle Blvd.  
Sugar Land, TX 77478  
(281) 295-1800**

(Name, Address Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area
Code, of Agent For Service)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

**Copies of All Communications to:**

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

          **Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the
public: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes
effective.**

          If any of the securities being registered on this form are to
be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. o

          If this form is filed to register additional securities for an
offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number
of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o

          If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to
Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same offering. o

          If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to
Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same offering. o

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a
smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer,"
"accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. (Check one):

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

**CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE**

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

\(1\)  
Includes the additional shares that the underwriters have the option to
purchase.

\(2\)  
Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee
pursuant to Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act") on the basis of the average of the high and low
sales price of a share of the registrant's common stock as reported on
NASDAQ Global Market on March 11, 2014.

\(3\)  
Previously paid.

          **The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on
such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until
the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states
that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in
accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until this
Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the
Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a), may
determine.**

<div
style="width:100%;border-top:solid #000000 1.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in 0in;font-size:3.0pt;">

</div>

<div
style="width:100%;border-top:solid #000000 3.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in 0in;font-size:4.0pt;">

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may
be changed. We and the selling stockholders may not sell these
securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not
an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting any offer to
buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not
permitted.**

**Subject to Completion, Dated March 14, 2014**

**PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS**

**2,700,000 shares**

**![GRAPHIC](data:image/jpeg;base64,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)**

**Common stock**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**  
**

        *We are offering 1,275,235 shares of common stock and the
selling stockholders identified in this prospectus are offering an
additional 1,424,765 shares of common stock. We will not receive any of
the proceeds from the sale of the shares being sold by the selling
stockholders. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market
under the symbol "AAOI." On March 13, 2014, the last reported sale price
of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market was $26.20 per share.*

**Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 11.**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

\(1\)  
We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain expenses. See
the section titled "Underwriting."  
  

\(2\)  
We have granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to
purchase up to 405,000 additional shares of common stock at the public
offering price less the underwriting discount.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

        *We are an "emerging growth company" as defined under the
federal securities laws and, as such, have elected to comply with
certain reduced public company reporting requirements.*

**Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
passed on the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.**

        *The underwriters expect to deliver the shares of common stock
to purchasers on or about March     , 2014.*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|                   |     |                   |
|-------------------|-----|-------------------|
|                   |     |                   |
| **RAYMOND JAMES** |     | **PIPER JAFFRAY** |

</div>

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|                       |     |                           |     |                  |
|-----------------------|-----|---------------------------|-----|------------------|
|                       |     |                           |     |                  |
| **COWEN AND COMPANY** |     | **ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS** |     | **CRAIG-HALLUM** |

</div>

</div>

**The date of this prospectus is March     , 2014**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**![GRAPHIC](data:image/jpeg;base64,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)**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

  
**TABLE OF CONTENTS  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

        **You should rely only on the information contained in this
prospectus and any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of
us in connection with this offering. We have not, the selling
stockholders have not and the underwriters have not, authorized any
other person to provide you with different information. If anyone
provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not
rely on it. We are not, the selling stockholders are not and the
underwriters are not, making an offer to sell these securities in any
jurisdiction where an offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume
that the information appearing in this prospectus is accurate as of the
date on the front cover of this prospectus only. Our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since
that date.**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**  
**

        **No action is being taken in any jurisdiction outside the
United States of America, or U.S., to permit a public offering of the
common stock or possession or distribution of this prospectus in that
jurisdiction. Persons who come into possession of this prospectus in
jurisdictions**

i

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**outside the U.S. are required to inform themselves about and to
observe any restrictions as to this offering and the distribution of
this prospectus applicable to that jurisdiction.**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**  
**

        "Applied Optoelectronics, Inc.," "AOI" and our logo are
registered trademarks of Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. This prospectus
contains additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of ours
and of other companies.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  

        Unless the context otherwise requires, we use the terms "AOI,"
"we," "us" and "our" in this prospectus to refer to Applied
Optoelectronics, Inc. and its subsidiaries.

ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

   

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

  
**PROSPECTUS SUMMARY  
**

        *This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this
prospectus and does not contain all of the information that you should
consider in making your investment decision. Before investing in our
common stock, you should carefully read this entire prospectus,
including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
thereto and the information set forth under the sections "Risk Factors"
and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations," in each case appearing elsewhere in this
prospectus.*

**Overview**

        We are a leading, vertically integrated provider of fiber-optic
networking products, primarily for three networking end-markets: cable
television, or CATV, fiber-to-the-home, or FTTH, and internet data
center. We design and manufacture a range of optical communications
products at varying levels of integration, from components,
subassemblies and modules to complete turn-key equipment. In designing
products for our customers, we begin with the fundamental building
blocks of lasers and laser components. From these foundational products,
we design and manufacture a wide range of products to meet our
customers' needs and specifications, and such products differ from each
other by their end market, intended use and level of integration. We are
primarily focused on the higher-performance segments within all three of
our target markets, which increasingly demand faster connectivity and
innovation.

        The three end markets we target are all driven by significant
bandwidth demand fueled by the growth of network-connected devices,
video traffic, cloud computing and online social networking. To address
this increased bandwidth demand, CATV and telecommunications service
providers are competing directly against each other by providing bundles
of voice, video and data services to their subscribers and investing to
enhance the capacity, reliability and capability of their networks. The
trend of rising bandwidth consumption also impacts the internet data
center market, as reflected in the shift to higher speed server
connections. As a result of these trends, fiber-optic networking
technology is becoming essential in all three of our target markets, as
it is often the only economic way to deliver the desired bandwidth.

        The CATV market is our largest and most established market, for
which we supply a broad array of products including lasers, transmitters
and turn-key equipment. In 2012, we were the leading provider of optical
components and the second largest provider of subsystems to the CATV
industry, according to research firm Ovum Limited, or Ovum. Sales of
headend, node and distribution equipment have contributed significantly
to our growth in recent years as a result of our ability to meet the
needs of CATV equipment vendors who have begun to outsource both the
design and manufacture of this equipment. While equipment vendors have
relied upon third parties to assemble portions of their products, within
the past four years certain of our customers have accelerated the
outsourcing of both the design and manufacturing of both headend
equipment and node equipment to third parties. The shift is due in part
to the sophisticated engineering expertise needed to perform this work.
We believe that our extensive high-speed optical, mixed-signal
semiconductor and mechanical engineering capabilities position us well
to benefit from these industry dynamics.

        Our vertically integrated manufacturing model provides us
several advantages, including rapid product development, fast response
times to customer requests and control over product quality and
manufacturing costs. We design, manufacture and integrate our own analog
and digital lasers using a proprietary Molecular Beam Epitaxy, or MBE,
fabrication process, which we believe is unique in our industry. We
manufacture the majority of the laser chips and optical

 

</div>

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

components that are used in our products. The lasers we manufacture are
proven to be reliable over time and highly tolerant of changes in
temperature and humidity, making them well-suited to the CATV and FTTH
markets where networking equipment is often installed outdoors.

        In 2013, our revenue was $78.4 million and our gross margin was
29.4%. We have grown our annual revenue at a CAGR of 33.1% between 2009
and 2013. In the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012, and 2013, we
incurred losses of $5.3 million, $0.9 million, and $1.4 million,
respectively, and our accumulated deficit at December 31, 2012 and
December 31, 2013 was $81.9 million and $83.3 million, respectively. In
2013, we earned 60.4% of our total revenue from the CATV market, and
24.7% of our total revenue from the data center market. In 2013, our key
customers in the CATV market included Cisco Systems and Biogenomics
Corp., a distributor. In 2011, 2012 and 2013, Cisco Systems accounted
for 26.8%, 33.2%, and 21.8%, respectively, of our revenue and
Biogenomics Corp. accounted for 11.7%, 11.2% and 8.7%, respectively, of
our revenue. In 2013, our key customers in the data center market
included Amazon and Microsoft. In 2012 and 2013, Amazon accounted for
5.8% and 18.2% of our revenue, respectively, and Microsoft accounted for
2.6% and 6.1% of our revenue, respectively.

**Industry Background**

        Our three target markets of CATV, FTTH and internet data centers
share a common trend of a significant growth in bandwidth consumption,
and the corresponding need for network infrastructure improvement to
support it.

        The prevailing themes in our target markets include:

•  
***Trends in the CATV Market.***  In recent years, CATV service
providers have invested extensively to support high speed, two-way
communications, and we expect that they will continue to do so,
particularly in countries with less developed CATV networks, such as
China.  
  

    
While equipment vendors have historically only relied upon third parties
to assemble portions of their products, within the past four years
certain of our customers have accelerated the outsourcing of both the
design and manufacturing of both headend equipment and node equipment to
third parties. The shift is due in part to the sophisticated engineering
expertise needed to perform this work.  
  

•  
***Trends in the FTTH Market.***  The FTTH market generally refers to
the Passive Optical Networks, or PONs, that telecommunications service
providers are deploying. The most commonly deployed PON technology is
Gigabit PON, or GPON, which delivers up to 2.5 gigabits per second of
data, but due to the splitting of the bandwidth among multiple users,
the actual bandwidth delivered to an individual subscriber is far less
than 2.5 gigabits per second. One approach that does support true 1
gigabit per second service to the home is wavelength division
multiplexing PON, or WDM-PON, a technology that enables the transmission
of multiple wavelengths of data over a single fiber-optic strand.  
  

•  
***Trends in the Internet Data Center Market.***  To support the
substantial increase in bandwidth consumption, internet data center
operators are increasing the scale of their internet data centers and
accelerating data transmission rates. As a result, there is an ongoing
transition from the use of copper cable, typically at speeds up to 1
gigabit, to optical fiber as a transport medium, typically providing
speeds from 10 gigabit to 40 gigabit. In recent years, a number of
leading Internet companies have begun to adopt more open internet data
center architectures, using a mix of systems and components

 

</div>

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

        We experience certain challenges within our target markets,
including continuous pressure to innovate and deliver highly integrated
products that perform reliably in harsh, demanding environments and to
produce high-quality devices in large volumes.

**Our Solutions**

        By addressing the challenges in our target markets, we provide
the following benefits to our customers:

•  
***Enable customers to deliver innovative products.***  We leverage our
deep expertise in high-speed optical, mixed-signal semiconductor and
mechanical engineering and our proprietary MBE laser fabrication process
to deliver technologically advanced products to our customers.  
  

•  
***Enhance efficiency and cost effectiveness of our customers' supply
chain.***  We design and sell products at the level of integration
desired by a customer, from components to turn-key equipment, providing
our customers a dependable, cost-effective and simplified supply
chain.  
  

•  
***Deliver high quality, reliable products in high volume.***  As a
vertically integrated supplier, we are able to monitor and maintain
quality control throughout the production process, using our internally
produced components where possible for our final products. With
manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Taiwan and China, we can support
high volume production and timely delivery for our customers around the
world.  
  

•  
***Provide sophisticated design solutions to our customers.***  We
believe our in-house expertise in both analog and digital optical
engineering enables us to design comprehensive solutions that meet many
of the different network architectures and protocols used by our
customers.

**Our Strengths**

        Our key competitive strengths include the following:

•  
***Industry-leading position in the CATV market.***  We are the leading
provider of optical components and the second largest provider of
subsystems to the CATV market, according to Ovum.  
  

•  
***Proprietary technological expertise and track record of
innovation.***  We continue to develop innovative products by leveraging
our technological expertise, including our proprietary MBE laser
fabrication process.  
  

•  
***Highly customized products.***  Most of our products have some level
of customization, making it more difficult for our customers to switch
rapidly to another supplier. We believe this element of customization
contributes to longer product lifecycles and more stable product
pricing.

 

</div>

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

•  
***Proven system design capabilities.***  We have deep expertise and
proven design capabilities in high-speed optical, mixed-signal
semiconductor and mechanical engineering, which we believe position us
to take advantage of the continuing shift to outsourced design and
manufacturing among CATV equipment vendors.  
  

•  
***Vertically integrated, geographically distributed manufacturing
model.***  Our vertically integrated design and manufacturing process
encompasses various steps from laser design and fabrication to complete
optical system design and assembly. Furthermore, we have geographically
distributed our manufacturing by strategically locating our operations
in the U.S., China and Taiwan to reduce development time and production
costs, to better support our customers and to help protect our
intellectual property.

**Our Strategy**

        We seek to be the leading global provider of optical components,
modules and equipment for each of our three target markets, CATV, FTTH
and internet data centers. Our strategy includes the following key
elements:

•  
***Extend our leadership in CATV networking.***  We intend to maintain
our position as the leading producer of optical components used in CATV
networks, and to capture an increasing share of the CATV equipment
market as the major equipment vendors continue to outsource the design
and manufacturing of such products.  
  

•  
***Continue to penetrate the FTTH market.***  We believe our WDM-PON
technology is a cost-effective solution for delivering 1 gigabit
bandwidth to a home. Our goal is to capture an increasing share of the
FTTH market by delivering 1G asynchronous service to the home through
internet service provider customers.  
  

•  
***Continue to penetrate the internet data center market.***  In the
internet data center, we target internet data center operators who have
adopted an open system architecture—one in which the optical
connectivity solutions can be provided by a different vendor than the
vendor which provides their servers and switches.  
  

•  
***Continue to invest in our capabilities and infrastructure.***  We
intend to continue to invest in new products, new technology and our
production infrastructure and facilities to maintain and strengthen our
competitive position.  
  

•  
***Selectively pursue other opportunities that leverage our existing
expertise.***  Our expertise in designing and manufacturing outdoor
equipment for the CATV industry positions us well to pursue applications
that are also characterized by having varying and demanding
environments, including wireless and wireline telecom infrastructure,
industrial robotics, aerospace and defense, and oil and gas
exploration.  
  

•  
***Pursue complementary acquisition and strategic alliance
opportunities.***  We evaluate and selectively pursue acquisition
opportunities or strategic alliances that we believe will enhance or
complement our current product offerings, augment our technology
roadmap, or diversify our revenue base.

 

</div>

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

**Risk Factors**

        Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties,
such as those highlighted in the "Risk Factors" section immediately
following this prospectus summary, including:

•  
We are dependent on our key customers for a significant portion of our
revenue and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from, any
of our key customers would adversely impact our revenue and results of
operations;  
  

•  
If our customers do not qualify our products for use on a timely basis,
our results of operations may suffer;  
  

•  
Customer demand is difficult to forecast accurately and, as a result, we
may be unable to match production with customer demand;  
  

•  
We are subject to the cyclical nature of the markets in which we compete
and any future downturn will likely reduce demand for our products and
revenue;  
  

•  
If the CATV, FTTH and internet data center markets do not continue to
develop as we expect, or if there is any downturn in these markets, our
business would be materially adversely affected;  
  

•  
If we encounter manufacturing problems, we may lose sales and damage our
customer relationships;  
  

•  
We must continually develop successful new products and enhance existing
products, and if we fail to do so or if our release of new or enhanced
products is delayed, our business may be harmed;  
  

•  
Given the high fixed costs associated with our vertically integrated
business, a reduction in demand for our products could materially
adversely impact our gross profits and our results of operations;  
  

•  
We face intense competition which could negatively impact our results of
operations and market share; and  
  

•  
We have substantial manufacturing assets in Asia, and in 2013 we derived
approximately 27.4% of our revenue from sales in Asia.

**Corporate Information**

        We were incorporated in the State of Texas in 1997. In March
2013, Applied Optoelectronics, Inc., a Texas corporation, converted into
a Delaware corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at
13115 Jess Pirtle Blvd., Sugar Land, TX 77478, and our telephone number
is (281) 295-1800. Our website address is www.ao-inc.com. Information
contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this
prospectus, and you should not consider information contained on our
website as part of this prospectus or in deciding whether to purchase
shares of our common stock.

        We have registered the trademarks APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS, INC.,
AOI and its respective logo with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
These marks are also registered in, or have applications for
registration pending in, various foreign trademark offices. Other
trademarks and trade names appearing in this prospectus are the property
of their respective owners.

 

</div>

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

   

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

  
**THE OFFERING  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|                                                          |     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|----------------------------------------------------------|-----|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|                                                          |     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Common stock offered by us                               |     | 1,275,235 shares                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Common stock offered by selling stockholders             |     | 1,424,765 shares                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Total common stock to be outstanding after this offering |     | 13,919,189 shares                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Use of proceeds                                          |     | We estimate that the net proceeds from the sale of our common stock by us in this offering will be approximately $31.0 million, at an assumed offering price of $26.20 per share. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of our net proceeds from this offering, and investors will be relying on management's judgment regarding the application of these net proceeds. See "Use of Proceeds." |
| NASDAQ Global Market Symbol                              |     | AAOI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

</div>

</div>

        The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after
this offering is based on 12,643,954 shares of our common stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2013. This number of shares does not
include:

•  
1,467,902 shares of common stock subject to outstanding options as of
December 31, 2013, with a weighted average exercise price of $8.3794 per
share;  
  

•  
32,665 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of
outstanding warrants, with a weighted average exercise price of $9.80
per share; and  
  

•  
567,071 shares of common stock available for future sale or issuance
under our 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan.

        Unless otherwise indicated, this prospectus assumes no exercise
of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares.

 

</div>

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

   

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

  
**SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA  
**

        *The following tables summarize the consolidated financial and
operating data for the periods indicated. This summary consolidated
financial data should be read together with our consolidated financial
statements and related notes and "Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" appearing elsewhere in
this prospectus. The consolidated statements of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 are derived from our
consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this
prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of our
future results. You should read the summary financial data presented
below in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and
related notes and the sections of this prospectus titled "Selected
Consolidated Financial Data" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(1\)  
These expenses include share-based compensation expense. Share-based
compensation expense is accounted for at fair value, using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Share-based compensation expense is
recognized over the vesting period of the stock options and was included
in cost of goods sold and operating expenses as follows:

</div>

 

</div>

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

</div>

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:75%;margin-left:12%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(2\)  
We prepare Adjusted EBITDA and our other non-GAAP measures to eliminate
the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our overall
operating performance. To arrive at our non-GAAP gross profit, we
exclude share-based compensation expense from our GAAP gross profit. To
arrive at our non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, we exclude all
amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expense and
non-recurring consulting fees, if any, from our GAAP net income (loss)
from operations. To arrive at Adjusted EBITDA, we exclude these same
items and, additionally, exclude asset impairment charges, loss (gain)
from disposal of idle assets, unrealized exchange loss (gain), interest
(income) expense, on a net basis, provision for (benefit from) income
taxes and depreciation expense, from our GAAP net income (loss).

</div>

        We believe that our non-GAAP measures are useful to investors in
evaluating our operating performance for the following reasons:

•  
We believe that elimination of items such as share-based compensation
expense, depreciation and amortization, income tax expense and other
income, net, is appropriate because treatment of these items may vary
for reasons unrelated to our overall operating performance;  
  

•  
We use non-GAAP measures in conjunction with our GAAP financial measures
for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating
budget, as a measure of operating performance and the effectiveness of
our business strategies and in communications with our board of
directors concerning our financial performance;  
  

•  
We believe that non-GAAP measures provide better comparability with our
past financial performance, facilitates better period-to-period
comparisons of operational results and also facilitates comparisons with
our peer companies, many of which also use similar non-GAAP financial
measures to supplement their GAAP reporting; and  
  

•  
We anticipate that, after consummating this offering, our investor
presentations and those of securities analyst will include non-GAAP
measures to evaluate our overall operating performance.

        Adjusted EBITDA and other non-GAAP measures should not be
considered as an alternative to gross profit, income (loss) from
operations, net income (loss) or any other measure of financial
performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Our
Adjusted EBITDA and other non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to
similarly titled measures of other organizations because other
organizations may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA or such other non-GAAP
measures in the same manner. You are encouraged to evaluate these
adjustments and the reason we consider them appropriate.

 

</div>

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

        The following table reflects the reconciliation of U.S. GAAP
financial measures to non-GAAP financial measures:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

 

</div>

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="width:100%;border:#000000 solid 1pt;padding-top:12pt;padding-right:12pt;padding-bottom:1pt;padding-left:12pt;">

   

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:15%;">

\(1\)  
Working capital is defined as total current assets less total current
liabilities.  
  

\(2\)  
Total debt is defined as short-term loans, notes payable and total
long-term debt.  
  

\(3\)  
On an as adjusted basis to reflect the sale by us of 1,275,235 shares of
common stock in this offering, at an assumed public offering price of
$26.20 per share, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and estimated offering expenses.

</div>

 

</div>

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**RISK FACTORS  
**

        Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all other
information contained in this prospectus before purchasing our common
stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, we may be unable to
conduct our business as currently planned and our financial condition
and results of operations could be seriously harmed. In addition, the
trading price of our common stock could decline due to the occurrence of
any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

**Risks Inherent in Our Business**

***We are dependent on our key customers for a significant portion of
our revenue and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from,
any of our key customers would adversely impact our revenue and results
of operations.***

        We generate much of our revenue from a limited number of
customers. In 2011, 2012 and 2013, our top ten customers represented
76.6%, 77.6%, and 76.9% of our revenue, respectively. In 2013, Cisco
Systems, Inc. represented 21.8% of our revenue, Amazon represented 18.2%
of our revenue and Biogenomics Corp., a distributor, represented 8.7% of
our total revenue. As a result, the loss of, or a significant reduction
in orders from any of our key customers would materially and adversely
affect our revenue and results of operations. We typically do not have
long-term contracts with our customers and instead rely on recurring
purchase orders. If our key customers do not continue to purchase our
existing products or fail to purchase additional products from us, our
revenue would decline and our results of operations would be adversely
affected.

        Adverse events affecting our key customers could also negatively
affect our ability to retain their business and obtain new purchase
orders, which could adversely affect our revenue and results of
operations. For example, in recent years, there has been consolidation
among various network equipment manufacturers and this trend is expected
to continue. We are unable to predict the impact that industry
consolidation would have on our existing or potential customers. We may
not be able to offset any potential decline in revenue arising from the
consolidation of our existing customers with revenue from new customers
or additional revenue from the merged company.

***If our customers do not qualify our products for use on a timely
basis, our results of operations may suffer.***

        Prior to the sale of new products, our customers typically
require us to obtain their approval and qualify our products for use in
their applications. Additionally, new customers often audit our
manufacturing facilities and perform other evaluations during this
process. The qualification process involves product sampling and
reliability testing and collaboration with our product management and
engineering teams in the design and manufacturing stages. If we are
unable to accurately predict the amount of time required to qualify our
products with customers, or are unable to qualify our products with
certain customers at all, then our ability to generate revenue could be
delayed or our revenue would be lower than expected and we may not be
able to recover the costs associated with the qualification process or
with our product development efforts, which would have an adverse effect
on our results of operations.

        In addition, due to rapid technological changes in our markets,
a customer may cancel or modify a design project before we have
qualified our product or begun volume manufacturing of a qualified
product. It is unlikely that we would be able to recover the expenses
for cancelled or

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

unutilized custom design projects. It is difficult to predict with any
certainty whether our customers will delay or terminate product
qualification or the frequency with which customers will cancel or
modify their projects, but any such delay, cancellation or modification
would have a negative effect on our results of operations.

        Our ability to successfully qualify and scale capacity for new
technologies and products is important to our ability to grow our
business and market presence. If we are unable to qualify and sell any
of our new products in volume, on time, or at all, our results of
operations may be adversely affected.

***Customer demand is difficult to forecast accurately and, as a result,
we may be unable to match production with customer demand.***

        We make planning and spending decisions, including determining
the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production
schedules, component procurement commitments, personnel needs and other
resource requirements, based on our estimates of product demand and
customer requirements. Our products are typically purchased pursuant to
individual purchase orders. While our customers may provide us with
their demand forecasts, they are typically not contractually committed
to buy any quantity of products beyond firm purchase orders.
Furthermore, many of our customers may increase, decrease, cancel or
delay purchase orders already in place without significant penalty. The
short-term nature of commitments by our customers and the possibility of
unexpected changes in demand for their products reduce our ability to
accurately estimate future customer requirements. On occasion, customers
may require rapid increases in production, which can strain our
resources, cause our manufacturing to be negatively impacted by
materials shortages, necessitate more onerous procurement commitments
and reduce our gross margin. We may not have sufficient capacity at any
given time to meet the volume demands of our customers, or one or more
of our suppliers may not have sufficient capacity at any given time to
meet our volume demands. If any of our major customers decrease, stop or
delay purchasing our products for any reason, we will likely have excess
manufacturing capacity or inventory and our business and results of
operations would be harmed.

***We are subject to the cyclical nature of the markets in which we
compete and any future downturn will likely reduce demand for our
products and revenue.***

        In each of our target markets, including the CATV market, our
sales depend on the aggregate capital expenditures of service providers
as they build out and upgrade their network infrastructure. These
markets are highly cyclical and characterized by constant and rapid
technological change, price erosion, evolving standards and wide
fluctuations in product supply and demand. In the past, these markets
have experienced significant downturns, often connected with, or in
anticipation of, the maturation of product cycles. These downturns have
been characterized by diminished product demand, production
overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated erosion of average
selling prices. Our historical results of operations have been subject
to these cyclical fluctuations, and we may experience substantial
period-to-period fluctuations in our future results of operations. Any
future downturn in any of the markets in which we compete could
significantly reduce the demand for our products and therefore may
result in a significant reduction in our revenue. Our revenue and
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected in the
future due to changes in demand from individual customers or cyclical
changes in any of the markets utilizing our products. We may not be able
to accurately predict these cyclical fluctuations and the impact of
these fluctuations may have on our revenue and operating results.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

***If the CATV market does not continue to develop as we expect, or if
there is any downturn in this market, our business would be adversely
affected.***

        Historically, we have generated much of our revenue from the
CATV market. In 2011, 2012, and 2013 the CATV market represented 81.4%,
78.6% and 60.4% of our revenue, respectively. In the CATV market, we are
relying on expected increasing demand for bandwidth-intensive services
and applications such as on-demand television programs, high-definition
television channels, or HDTV, social media, peer-to-peer file sharing
and online video creation and viewing from network service providers.
Without network and bandwidth growth, the need for our products will not
increase and may decline, adversely affecting our financial condition
and results of operations. Although demand for broadband access is
increasing, network and bandwidth growth may be limited by several
factors, including an uncertain regulatory environment, high
infrastructure costs to purchase and install equipment and uncertainty
as to which competing content delivery solution, such as
telecommunications, wireless or satellite, will gain the most widespread
acceptance. CATV network operators may reduce or forego equipment
purchases in anticipation of the availability of next generation
DOCSIS3.1 solutions that are expected to be available soon, which may
adversely affect our sales. If the trend of outsourcing for the design
and manufacture of CATV equipment does not continue, or continues at a
slower pace than currently expected, our customers' demand for our
design and manufacturing services may not grow as quickly as expected.
If expectations for the growth of the CATV market are not realized, our
financial condition or results of operations will be adversely affected.
In addition, if the CATV market is adversely impacted, whether due to
competitive pressure from telecommunication service providers,
regulatory changes, or otherwise, our business would be adversely
affected. In February 2014, Time Warner and Comcast, the two largest
CATV providers in the U.S., announced that they had agreed to merge. We
are unable to predict what impact this transaction, if completed, would
have on the CATV market or on our business. We may not be able to offset
any potential decline in revenue from the CATV market with revenue from
new customers in other markets.

***We have limited operating history in the FTTH and internet data
center markets, and our business could be harmed if these markets do not
develop as we expect.***

        We have only recently begun offering products to the FTTH and
internet data center markets. Our business in these markets is dependent
on the deployment of our optical components, modules and subassemblies.
In the FTTH market, we are relying on increasing demand for
bandwidth-intensive services and telecommunications service providers'
acceptance and deployment of WDM-PON as a technology supporting 1
gigabit per second service to the home. In the internet data center
market, we are relying on the emergence of new internet data center
providers and their adoption of open internet data center architectures
that use a mix of systems and components from a variety of vendors,
including non-traditional equipment vendors. Without network and
bandwidth growth and adoption of our solutions by operators in these
markets, we will not be able to sell our products in these markets in
high volume or at our targeted margins, which would adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. For example, WDM-PON
technology may not be adopted by equipment and service providers in the
FTTH market as rapidly as we expect or in the volumes we need to achieve
acceptable margins, and internet data centers may elect to use larger
vendors that require internet data center operators to purchase the
optical modules for their systems from such larger vendors. Also,
internet data centers may not expand as much or as quickly as expected
and any slow-down in expansion could adversely impact our business and
growth prospects. Network and bandwidth growth may be limited by several
factors, including an uncertain regulatory environment, high
infrastructure costs to purchase and install equipment and uncertainty
as to which competing content delivery solution, such as CATV, will gain
the most widespread

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

acceptance. In addition, as we enter new markets or expand our product
offerings in existing markets, our margins may be adversely affected due
to competition in those markets and commoditization of competing
products. If our expectations for the growth of these markets are not
realized, our financial condition or results of operations will be
adversely affected.

***If we encounter manufacturing problems, we may lose sales and damage
our customer relationships.***

        We may experience delays, disruptions or quality control
problems in our manufacturing operations. These and other factors may
cause less than acceptable yields at our wafer fabrication facility.
Manufacturing yields depend on a number of factors, including the
quality of available raw materials, the degradation or change in
equipment calibration and the rate and timing of the introduction of new
products. Changes in manufacturing processes required as a result of
changes in product specifications, changing customer needs and the
introduction of new product lines may significantly reduce our
manufacturing yields, resulting in low or negative margins on those
products. In addition, we use an MBE fabrication process to make our
lasers, rather than Metal Organic Chemical Vapor Deposition, or MOCVD,
the technique most commonly used in optical manufacturing by
communications optics vendors, and our MBE fabrication process relies on
custom-manufactured equipment. If our MBE fabrication facility in Sugar
Land, Texas were to be damaged or destroyed for any reason, our
manufacturing process would be severely disrupted. Any such
manufacturing problems would likely delay product shipments to our
customers, which would negatively affect our sales, competitive position
and reputation. We may also experience delays in production, typically
in February, during the Chinese New Year holiday when our facilities in
China and Taiwan are closed.

***We must continually develop successful new products and enhance
existing products, and if we fail to do so or if our release of new or
enhanced products is delayed, our business may be harmed.***

        The markets for our products are characterized by frequent new
product introductions, changes in customer requirements and evolving
industry standards, all with an underlying pressure to reduce cost and
meet stringent reliability and qualification requirements. Our future
performance will depend on our successful development, introduction and
market acceptance of new and enhanced products that address these
challenges. If we are unable to make our new or enhanced products
commercially available on a timely basis, we may lose existing and
potential customers and our financial results would suffer.

        In addition, due to the costs and length of research,
development and manufacturing process cycles, we may not recognize
revenue from new products until long after such expenditures, if at all,
and our margins may decrease if our costs are higher than expected,
adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operation.

        Although the length of our product development cycle varies
widely by product and customer, it may take 18 months or longer before
we receive our first order. As a result, we may incur significant
expenses long before customers accept and purchase our products.

        Product development delays may result from numerous factors,
including:

•  
modification of product specifications and customer requirements;  
  

•  
unanticipated engineering complexities;

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
difficulties in reallocating engineering resources and overcoming
resource limitations; and  
  

•  
rapidly changing technology or competitive product requirements.

        The introduction of new products by us or our competitors could
result in a slowdown in demand for our existing products and could
result in a write-down in the value of our inventory. We have in the
past experienced a slowdown in demand for existing products and delays
in new product development, and such delays will likely occur in the
future. To the extent we experience product development delays for any
reason or we fail to qualify our products and obtain their approval for
use, which we refer to as a design win, our competitive position would
be adversely affected and our ability to grow our revenue would be
impaired.

        Furthermore, our ability to enter a market with new products in
a timely manner can be critical to our success because it is difficult
to displace an existing supplier for a particular type of product once a
customer has chosen a supplier, even if a later-to-market product
provides better performance or cost efficiency.

        The development of new, technologically advanced products is a
complex and uncertain process requiring frequent innovation,
highly-skilled engineering and development personnel and significant
capital, as well as the accurate anticipation of technological and
market trends. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify,
develop, manufacture, market or support new or enhanced products
successfully or on a timely basis. Further, we cannot assure you that
our new products will gain market acceptance or that we will be able to
respond effectively to product introductions by competitors,
technological changes or emerging industry standards. We also may not be
able to develop the underlying core technologies necessary to create new
products and enhancements, license these technologies from third
parties, or remain competitive in our markets.

***Increasing costs and shifts in product mix may adversely impact our
gross margins.***

        Our gross margins on individual products and among products
fluctuate over each product's life cycle. Our overall gross margins have
fluctuated from period to period as a result of shifts in product mix,
the introduction of new products, decreases in average selling prices
and our ability to reduce product costs, and these fluctuations are
expected to continue in the future. We may not be able to accurately
predict our product mix from period to period, and as a result we may
not be able to forecast accurately our overall gross margins. The rate
of increase in our costs and expenses may exceed the rate of increase in
our revenue, either of which would materially and adversely affect our
business, our results of operations and our financial condition.

***Given the high fixed costs associated with our vertically integrated
business, a reduction in demand for our products will likely adversely
impact our gross profits and our results of operations.***

        We have a high fixed cost base due to our vertically integrated
business model, including the fact that 938 of our employees as of
December 31, 2013 were employed in manufacturing and research and
development operations. We may not be able to adjust these fixed costs
quickly to adapt to rapidly changing market conditions. Our gross profit
and gross margin are greatly affected by our sales volume and volatility
on a quarterly basis and the corresponding absorption of fixed
manufacturing overhead expenses. In addition, because we are a
vertically integrated manufacturer, insufficient demand for our products
may subject us to the risk of high inventory carrying costs and
increased inventory obsolescence. Given our vertical integration, the
rate at

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

which we turn inventory has historically been low when compared to our
cost of sales. We do not expect this to change significantly in the
future and believe that we will have to maintain a relatively high level
of inventory compared to our cost of sales. As a result, we continue to
expect to have a significant amount of working capital invested in
inventory. We may be required to write down inventory costs in the
future and our high inventory costs may have an adverse effect on our
gross profits and our results of operations.

***We have a history of losses which may continue in the future.***

        We have a history of losses and we may incur additional losses
in future periods. In the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013,
we experienced net losses of $5.3 million, $0.9 million and
$1.4 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2012 and December 31,
2013, our accumulated deficit was $81.9 million and $83.3 million,
respectively. These losses were due to expenditures made to expand our
business, including expenditures for hiring additional research and
development and sales and marketing personnel, and expenditures to
expand and maintain our manufacturing facilities and research and
development operations. We expect to continue to make significant
expenditures related to our business, including expenditures for hiring
additional research and development and sales and marketing personnel,
and expenditures to maintain and expand our manufacturing facilities and
research and development operations. In addition, we have incurred
significant additional time demands and legal, accounting and other
expenses since we became a public company in September 2013. Our
management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to
complying with the applicable rules and requirements of being a public
company.

***Our financial results may vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter
due to a number of factors, which may lead to volatility in our stock
price.***

        Our quarterly revenue and operating results have varied in the
past and will likely continue to vary significantly from quarter to
quarter. This variability may lead to volatility in our stock price as
research analysts and investors respond to these quarterly fluctuations.
These fluctuations are due to numerous factors, including:

•  
the timing, size and mix of sales of our products;  
  

•  
fluctuations in demand for our products, including the increase,
decrease, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer orders;  
  

•  
our ability to design, manufacture and deliver products to our customers
in a timely and cost-effective manner and that meet customer
requirements;  
  

•  
new product introductions and enhancements by us or our competitors;  
  

•  
the gain or loss of key customers;  
  

•  
the rate at which our present and potential customers and end users
adopt our technologies;  
  

•  
changes in our pricing and sales policies or the pricing and sales
policies of our competitors;  
  

•  
quality control or yield problems in our manufacturing operations;  
  

•  
length and variability of the sales cycles of our products;

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
unanticipated increases in costs or expenses;  
  

•  
the loss of key employees;  
  

•  
different capital expenditure and budget cycles for our customers,
affecting the timing of their spending for our products;  
  

•  
political stability in the areas of the world in which we operate;  
  

•  
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;  
  

•  
changes in accounting rules;  
  

•  
the evolving and unpredictable nature of the markets for products
incorporating our solutions; and  
  

•  
general economic conditions and changes in such conditions specific to
our target markets.

        The foregoing factors are difficult to forecast, and these, as
well as other factors, could materially adversely affect our quarterly
and annual operating results. In addition, a significant amount of our
operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to our internal
manufacturing, research and development, sales and general
administrative efforts. Any failure to adjust spending quickly enough to
compensate for a revenue shortfall could magnify the adverse impact of
such revenue shortfall on our results of operations. For these reasons,
you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of
operations as an indicator of future performance. Moreover, our
operating results may not meet our announced guidance or the
expectations of research analysts or investors, in which case the price
of our common stock could decrease significantly. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to successfully address these risks.

***We face intense competition which could negatively impact our results
of operations and market share.***

        The markets into which we sell our products are highly
competitive. Our competitors range from large, international companies
offering a wide range of products to smaller companies specializing in
niche markets. Current and potential competitors may have substantially
greater name recognition, financial, marketing, research and
manufacturing resources than we do, and there can be no assurance that
our current and future competitors will not be more successful than us
in specific product lines or markets. Certain of our competitors may
also have better-established relationships with our current or potential
customers. Some of our competitors have more resources to develop or
acquire new products and technologies and create market awareness for
their products and technologies. In addition, some of our competitors
have the financial resources to offer competitive products at
below-market pricing levels that could prevent us from competing
effectively and result in a loss of sales or market share or cause us to
lower prices for our products. In recent years, there has been
consolidation in our industry and we expect such consolidation to
continue. Consolidation involving our competitors could result in even
more intense competition. Network equipment manufacturers, who are our
customers, and network service providers may decide to manufacture the
optical subsystems incorporated into their network systems in-house
instead of outsourcing such products to companies such as us. We also
encounter potential customers that, because of existing relationships
with our competitors, are committed to the products offered by our
competitors.

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

***We depend on key personnel to develop and maintain our technology and
manage our business in a rapidly changing market.***

        The continued services of our executive officers and other key
engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing and support personnel is
essential to our success. For example, our ability to achieve new design
wins depends upon the experience and expertise of our engineers. Any of
our key employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Senior Vice President of
Network Equipment Module Business Unit and Asia General Manager, may
resign at any time. We do not have key person life insurance policies
covering any of our employees. To implement our business plan, we also
intend to hire additional employees, particularly in the areas of
engineering and manufacturing. Our ability to continue to attract and
retain highly skilled employees is a critical factor in our success.
Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense. We may not be
successful in attracting, assimilating or retaining qualified personnel
to satisfy our current or future needs. Our ability to develop,
manufacture and sell our products, and thus our financial condition and
results of operations, would be adversely affected if we are unable to
retain existing personnel or hire additional qualified personnel.

***We depend on a limited number of suppliers and any supply
interruption could have an adverse effect on our business.***

        We depend on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw
materials and components used in our products. Some of these suppliers
could disrupt our business if they stop, decrease or delay shipments or
if the materials or components they ship have quality or reliability
issues. Some of the raw materials and components we use in our products
are available only from a sole source or have been qualified only from a
single supplier. Furthermore, other than our current suppliers, there
are a limited number of entities from whom we could obtain certain
materials and components. We may also face shortages if we experience
increased demand for materials or components beyond what our qualified
suppliers can deliver. Our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of
critical materials or components could adversely affect our ability to
meet demand for our products, adversely affecting our financial
condition and results of operation.

        We typically have not entered into long-term agreements with our
suppliers and, therefore, our suppliers could stop supplying materials
and components to us at any time or fail to supply adequate quantities
of materials or components to us on a timely basis. It is difficult,
costly, time consuming and, on short notice, sometimes impossible for us
to identify and qualify new suppliers. Our customers generally restrict
our ability to change the components in our products. For more critical
components, any changes may require repeating the entire qualification
process. Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers or a single
qualified vendor may result in delivery and quality problems, and
reduced control over product pricing, reliability and performance.

***Our products could contain defects that may cause us to incur
significant costs or result in a loss of customers.***

        Our products are complex and undergo quality testing as well as
formal qualification by our customers. Our customers' testing procedures
are limited to evaluating our products under likely and foreseeable
failure scenarios and over varying amounts of time. For various reasons,
such as the occurrence of performance problems that are unforeseeable in
testing or that are detected only when products age or are operated
under peak stress conditions, our products may fail to perform as
expected long after customer acceptance. Failures could result from
faulty components or design, problems in manufacturing or other
unforeseen reasons. As a result, we could incur significant costs to
repair or replace defective products under warranty, particularly

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

when such failures occur in installed systems. Our products are
typically embedded in, or deployed in conjunction with, our customers'
products, which incorporate a variety of components, modules and
subsystems and may be expected to interoperate with modules produced by
third parties. As a result, not all defects are immediately detectable
and when problems occur, it may be difficult to identify the source of
the problem. While we have not experienced material failures in the
past, we will continue to face this risk going forward because our
products are widely deployed in many demanding environments and
applications worldwide. In addition, we may in certain circumstances
honor warranty claims after the warranty has expired or for problems not
covered by warranty to maintain customer relationships. Any significant
product failure could result in litigation, damages, repair costs and
lost future sales of the affected product and other products, divert the
attention of our engineering personnel from our product development
efforts and cause significant customer relations problems, all of which
would harm our business. Although we carry product liability insurance,
this insurance may not adequately cover our costs arising from defects
in our products or otherwise.

***We face a variety of risks associated with our international sales
and operations.***

        We currently derive, and expect to continue to derive, a
significant portion of our revenue from sales to international
customers. In 2011, 2012 and 2013, 52.2%, 55.7% and 41.0% of our revenue
was derived from sales that occurred outside of North America,
respectively. In addition, a significant portion of our manufacturing
operations is based in Ningbo, China and Taipei, Taiwan. Our
international revenue and operations are subject to a number of material
risks, including:

•  
difficulties in staffing, managing and supporting operations in more
than one country;  
  

•  
difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through
foreign legal systems;  
  

•  
fewer legal protections for intellectual property in foreign
jurisdictions;  
  

•  
foreign and U.S. taxation issues and international trade barriers;  
  

•  
difficulties in obtaining any necessary governmental authorizations for
the export of our products to certain foreign jurisdictions;  
  

•  
fluctuations in foreign economies;  
  

•  
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies and interest rates;  
  

•  
trade and travel restrictions;  
  

•  
domestic and international economic or political changes, hostilities
and other disruptions in regions where we currently operate or may
operate in the future;  
  

•  
difficulties and increased expenses in complying with a variety of U.S.
and foreign laws, regulations and trade standards, including the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act; and  
  

•  
different and changing legal and regulatory requirements in the
jurisdictions in which we currently operate or may operate in the
future.

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Negative developments in any of these factors in China or Taiwan
or other countries could result in a reduction in demand for our
products, the cancellation or delay of orders already placed,
difficulties in producing and delivering our products, threats to our
intellectual property, difficulty in collecting receivables, and a
higher cost of doing business. Although we maintain certain compliance
programs throughout the company, violations of U.S. and foreign laws and
regulations may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including
material monetary fines, penalties and other costs against us or our
employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our business.

        Our business operations conducted in China and Taiwan are
important to our success. A substantial portion of our property, plant
and equipment is located in China and Taiwan. We expect to make further
investments in China and Taiwan in the future. Therefore, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects are subject to
economic, political, legal, and social events and developments in China
and Taiwan. China does not recognize the sovereignty of Taiwan. Although
significant economic and cultural relations have been established during
recent years between China and Taiwan, relations have often been
strained and the government of China has previously threatened to use
military force to gain control over Taiwan. Factors affecting military,
political or economic conditions in China and Taiwan could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations, as well as the market price and the liquidity of our common
shares.

***In some instances, we rely on third parties to assist in selling our
products, and the failure of those parties to perform as expected could
reduce our future revenue.***

        Although we primarily sell our products through direct sales, we
also sell our products to some of our customers through third party
sales representatives and distributors. Many of such third parties also
market and sell products from our competitors. Our third party sales
representatives and distributors may terminate their relationships with
us at any time, or with short notice. Our future performance will also
depend, in part, on our ability to attract additional third party sales
representatives and distributors that will be able to market and support
our products effectively, especially in markets in which we have not
previously distributed our products. If our current third party sales
representatives and distributors fail to perform as expected, our
revenue and results of operations could be harmed.

***Failure to manage our growth effectively may adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations.***

        Successful implementation of our business plan in our target
markets requires effective planning and management. Our production
volumes are increasing significantly and we have announced plans to
increase our production capacity in response to demand for our products,
adding both personnel as well as expanding our physical manufacturing
facilities. We currently operate facilities in Sugar Land, Texas,
Ningbo, China and Taipei, Taiwan. We currently manufacture our lasers
using a proprietary process and customized equipment located only in our
Sugar Land, Texas facility, and it will be costly to duplicate that
facility to scale our laser manufacturing capacity or to mitigate the
risks associated with operating a single facility. The challenges of
managing our geographically dispersed operations have increased and will
continue to increase the demand on our management systems and resources.
Moreover, we are continuing to improve our financial and managerial
controls, reporting systems and procedures. Any failure to manage our
expansion and the resulting demands on our management systems and
resources effectively may adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations.

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

***Our loan agreements contain restrictive covenants that may adversely
affect our ability to conduct our business.***

        We have lending arrangements with several financial
institutions, including loan agreements with East West Bank in the U.S.,
and our China subsidiary has a line of credit arrangement. Our loan
agreements governing our long-term debt obligations in the U.S. contain
certain financial and operating covenants that limit our management's
discretion with respect to certain business matters. Among other things,
these covenants require us to maintain certain financial ratios and
restrict our ability to incur additional debt, create liens or other
encumbrances, change the nature of our business, pay dividends, sell or
otherwise dispose of assets and merge or consolidate with other
entities. These restrictions may limit our flexibility in responding to
business opportunities, competitive developments and adverse economic or
industry conditions. Any failure by us or our subsidiaries to comply
with these agreements could harm our business, financial condition and
operating results. In addition, our obligations under our U.S. loan
agreements with East West Bank are secured by substantially all of our
U.S. assets, including our intellectual property assets, our Sugar Land
facility and our equity interests in our subsidiaries, which limits our
ability to provide collateral for additional financing. A breach of any
of covenants under our loan agreements, or a failure to pay interest or
indebtedness when due under any of our credit facilities, could result
in a variety of adverse consequences, including the acceleration of our
indebtedness.

***We may not be able to obtain additional capital when desired, on
favorable terms or at all.***

        We anticipate that the net proceeds we receive from this
offering, together with our current cash and short-term investments,
cash provided by operating activities and funds available through our
bank loans and credit facilities, will be sufficient to meet our current
and anticipated needs for general corporate purposes for the next 12 to
24 months. We operate in a market, however, that makes our prospects
difficult to evaluate and, to remain competitive, we will be required to
make continued investments in capital equipment, facilities and
technological improvements. We expect that substantial capital will be
required to expand our manufacturing capacity and fund working capital
for anticipated growth. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from
operations or otherwise have the capital resources to meet our future
capital needs, we may need additional financing to implement our
business strategy, which includes:

•  
expansion of research and development;  
  

•  
expansion of manufacturing capabilities;  
  

•  
hiring of additional technical, sales and other personnel; and  
  

•  
acquisitions of complementary businesses.

        If we raise additional funds through the issuance of our common
stock or convertible securities, the ownership interests of our
stockholders could be significantly diluted. These newly issued
securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of
existing stockholders acquiring shares of our common stock in this
offering. Additional financing may not, however, be available on terms
favorable to us, or at all, if and when needed, and our ability to fund
our operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop
or enhance our infrastructure or respond to competitive pressures could
be significantly limited. If we cannot raise required capital when
needed, we may be unable to meet the demands of existing and

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

prospective customers, adversely affecting our sales and market
opportunities and consequently our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

***Future acquisitions may adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations.***

        As part of our business strategy, we may pursue acquisitions of
companies that we believe could enhance or complement our current
product portfolio, augment our technology roadmap or diversify our
revenue base. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could
harm our business, including:

•  
difficulties integrating the acquired business;  
  

•  
unanticipated costs, capital expenditures or liabilities or changes
related to research in progress and product development;  
  

•  
diversion of financial and management resources from our existing
business;  
  

•  
difficulties integrating the business relationships with suppliers and
customers of the acquired business with our existing business
relationships;  
  

•  
risks associated with entering markets in which we have little or no
prior experience; and  
  

•  
potential loss of key employees, particularly those of the acquired
organizations.

        Acquisitions may also result in the recording of goodwill and
other intangible assets subject to potential impairment in the future,
adversely affecting our operating results. We may not achieve the
anticipated benefits of an acquisition if we fail to evaluate it
properly, and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. A
failure to evaluate and execute an acquisition appropriately or
otherwise adequately address these risks may adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations.

***Our future results of operations may be subject to volatility as a
result of exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates.***

        We have significant foreign currency exposure, and are affected
by fluctuations among the U.S. dollar, the Chinese renminbi, or RMB, and
the New Taiwan, or NT, dollar because a substantial portion of our
business is conducted in China and Taiwan. Our sales, raw materials,
components and capital expenditures are denominated in U.S. dollars, RMB
and NT dollars in varying amounts.

        Foreign currency fluctuations may adversely affect our revenue
and our costs and expenses, and hence our results of operations. The
value of the NT dollar or the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other
currencies may fluctuate and be affected by, among other things, changes
in political and economic conditions. The RMB currency is no longer
being pegged solely to the value of the U.S. dollar. While the
international reaction to the RMB revaluation has generally been
positive, there remains significant international pressure on the
Chinese government to adopt an even more flexible currency policy, which
may result in a further and more significant appreciation of the RMB
against the U.S. dollar. In the long term, the RMB may appreciate or
depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar, depending
upon the fluctuation of the basket of currencies against which it is
currently valued, or it may be permitted to enter into a full float,
which may also result in a significant appreciation or depreciation of
the RMB against

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

the U.S. dollar. In addition, our currency exchange variations may be
magnified by Chinese exchange control regulations that restrict our
ability to convert RMB into foreign currency.

        Our sales in Europe are denominated in U.S. dollars, and
fluctuations in the Euro or our customers' other local currencies
relative to the U.S. dollar may impact our customers and affect our
financial performance. If our customers' local currencies weaken against
the U.S. dollar, we may need to lower our prices to remain competitive
in our international markets which could have a material adverse effect
on our margins. If our customers' local currencies strengthen against
the U.S. dollar and if the local sales prices cannot be raised due to
competitive pressures, we will experience a deterioration of our
margins.

        To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an
effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. While
we may decide to enter into hedging transactions in the future, the
availability and effectiveness of these hedging transactions may be
limited and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure.

***Natural disasters or other catastrophic events could harm our
operations.***

        Our operations in the U.S., China and Taiwan could be subject to
significant risk of natural disasters, including earthquakes,
hurricanes, typhoons, flooding and tornadoes, as well as other
catastrophic events, such as epidemics, terrorist attacks or wars. For
example, our corporate headquarters and wafer fabrication facility in
Sugar Land, Texas, is located near Gulf of Mexico, an area that is
susceptible to hurricanes. We use a proprietary MBE laser manufacturing
process that requires customized equipment, and this process is
currently conducted and located solely at our wafer fabrication facility
in Sugar Land, Texas, such that a natural disaster, terrorist attack or
other catastrophic event that affects that facility would materially
harm our operations. In addition, our manufacturing facility in Taipei,
Taiwan, is susceptible to typhoons, and our manufacturing facility in
Ningbo, China, has from time to time, suffered electrical outages. Any
disruption in our manufacturing facilities arising from these and other
natural disasters or other catastrophic events could cause significant
delays in the production or shipment of our products until we are able
to shift production to different facilities or arrange for third parties
to manufacture our products. We may not be able to obtain alternate
capacity on favorable terms or at all. Our property insurance coverage
with respect to natural disaster is limited and is subject to deductible
and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate or continue to be
available at commercially reasonable rates and terms. The occurrence of
any of these circumstances may adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operation.

***If we fail to protect, or incur significant costs in defending, our
intellectual property and other proprietary rights, our business and
results of operations could be materially harmed.***

        Our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual
property and other proprietary rights. We rely on a combination of
patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and unfair competition laws,
as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to
establish and protect our intellectual property and other proprietary
rights. We have applied for patent registrations in the U.S. and in
other foreign countries, some of which have been issued. In addition, we
have registered certain trademarks in the U.S. We cannot guarantee that
our pending applications will be approved by the applicable governmental
authorities. Moreover, our existing and future patents and trademarks
may not be sufficiently broad to protect our proprietary rights or may
be held invalid or unenforceable in court. A failure to obtain patents
or trademark registrations or a successful challenge to our
registrations in the U.S. or other foreign countries may limit our
ability to protect the intellectual property rights that these
applications and registrations intended to cover.

23

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Policing unauthorized use of our technology is difficult and we
cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent the
misappropriation, unauthorized use or other infringement of our
intellectual property rights. Further, we may not be able to effectively
protect our intellectual property rights from misappropriation or other
infringement in foreign countries where we have not applied for patent
protections, and where effective patent, trademark, trade secret and
other intellectual property laws may be unavailable, or may not protect
our proprietary rights as fully as U.S. law. We may seek to secure
comparable intellectual property protections in other countries.
However, the level of protection afforded by patent and other laws in
other countries may not be comparable to that afforded in the U.S.

        We also attempt to protect our intellectual property, including
our trade secrets and know-how, through the use of trade secret and
other intellectual property laws, and contractual provisions. We enter
into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our
employees and independent consultants. We also use non-disclosure
agreements with other third parties who may have access to our
proprietary technologies and information. Such measures, however,
provide only limited protection, and there can be no assurance that our
confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements will not be breached,
especially after our employees end their employment, and that our trade
secrets will not otherwise become known by competitors or that we will
have adequate remedies in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of
proprietary information. Unauthorized third parties may try to copy or
reverse engineer our products or portions of our products, otherwise
obtain and use our intellectual property, or may independently develop
similar or equivalent trade secrets or know-how. If we fail to protect
our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, or if such
intellectual property and proprietary rights are infringed or
misappropriated, our business, results of operations or financial
condition could be materially harmed.

        In the future, we may need to take legal actions to prevent
third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual
property or from otherwise gaining access to our technology. Protecting
and enforcing our intellectual property rights and determining their
validity and scope could result in significant litigation costs and
require significant time and attention from our technical and management
personnel, which could significantly harm our business. We may not
prevail in such proceedings, and an adverse outcome may adversely impact
our competitive advantage or otherwise harm our financial condition and
our business.

***We may be involved in intellectual property disputes in the future,
which could divert management's attention, cause us to incur significant
costs and prevent us from selling or using the challenged technology.***

        Participants in the markets in which we sell our products have
experienced frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual
property rights. While we have a policy in place that is designed to
reduce the risk of infringement of intellectual property rights of
others and we have conducted a limited review of other companies'
relevant patents, there can be no assurance that third parties will not
assert infringement claims against us. We cannot be certain that our
products would not be found infringing the intellectual property rights
of others. Regardless of their merit, responding to such claims can be
time consuming, divert management's attention and resources and may
cause us to incur significant expenses. Intellectual property claims
against us could force us to do one or more of the following:

•  
obtain from a third party claiming infringement a license to the
relevant technology, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or
at all;

24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
stop manufacturing, selling, incorporating or using our products that
use the challenged intellectual property;  
  

•  
pay substantial monetary damages; or  
  

•  
expend significant resources to redesign the products that use the
technology and to develop non-infringing technology.

        Any of these actions could result in a substantial reduction in
our revenue and could result in losses over an extended period of time.

        In any potential intellectual property dispute, our customers
could also become the target of litigation. Because we often indemnify
our customers for intellectual property claims made against them with
respect to our products, any claims against our customers could trigger
indemnification claims against us. These obligations could result in
substantial expenses such as legal expenses, damages for past
infringement or royalties for future use. Any indemnity claim could also
adversely affect our relationships with our customers and result in
substantial costs to us.

***If we fail to obtain the right to use the intellectual property
rights of others that are necessary to operate our business, and to
protect their intellectual property, our business and results of
operations will be adversely affected.***

        From time to time we may choose to or be required to license
technology or intellectual property from third parties in connection
with the development of our products. We cannot assure you that third
party licenses will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms,
if at all. Generally, a license, if granted, would include payments of
up-front fees, ongoing royalties or both. These payments or other terms
could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations.
Our inability to obtain a necessary third party license required for our
product offerings or to develop new products and product enhancements
could require us to substitute technology of lower quality or
performance standards, or of greater cost, either of which could
adversely affect our business. If we are not able to obtain licenses
from third parties, if necessary, then we may also be subject to
litigation to defend against infringement claims from these third
parties. Our competitors may be able to obtain licenses or cross-license
their technology on better terms than we can, which could put us at a
competitive disadvantage.

***If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial
reporting may be adversely affected.***

        Preparing our consolidated financial statements involves a
number of complex manual and automated processes, which are dependent
upon individual data input or review and require significant management
judgment. One or more of these elements may result in errors that may
not be detected and could result in a material misstatement of our
consolidated financial statements. We have not performed an evaluation
of our internal control over financial reporting, such as would be
required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, nor have we engaged
our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of
our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, for so long
as we qualify as an "emerging growth company" under the JOBS Act, which
may be up to five years following our initial public offering in
September 2013, we will not have to provide an auditor's attestation
report on our internal controls in future annual reports on Form 10-K as
otherwise required by Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. During
the course of any evaluation, documentation or attestation, we or our
independent registered public accounting firm may identify weaknesses
and deficiencies that

25

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

we may not otherwise identify in a timely manner or at all as a result
of the deferred implementation of this additional level of review. In
connection with the audit of our financial statements for the period
ended December 31, 2012, we identified a material weakness related to
the inappropriate recording of certain inventory returned for re-work in
China as a reduction in cost of sales. We remediated this material
weakness in 2013 and we did not identify any material weaknesses in
connection with the audit of our financial statements for the period
ended December 31, 2013.

        We have implemented internal controls that we believe provide
reasonable assurance that we will be able to avoid accounting errors or
material weaknesses in future periods. However, our internal controls
cannot guarantee that no accounting errors exist or that all accounting
errors, no matter how immaterial, will be detected because a control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable, but not absolute assurance that the control system's
objectives will be met. If we are unable to implement and maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to
accurately and timely report our financial results could be adversely
impacted. This could result in late filings of our annual and quarterly
reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act,
restatements of our consolidated financial statements, a decline in our
stock price, suspension or delisting of our common stock by NASDAQ, or
other material adverse effects on our business, reputation, results of
operations or financial condition.

***Our ability to use our net operating losses and certain other tax
attributes may be limited.***

        As of December 31, 2013, we had U.S. accumulated net operating
losses, or NOLs, of approximately $65.7 million for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. We also had research and development credit carry forwards
totaling $1.6 million as of December 31, 2013, which begin to expire in
2020. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, the Code, if a corporation undergoes an "ownership change," the
corporation's ability to use its pre-change NOLs, capital loss carry
forwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change
income may be limited. An ownership change is generally defined as a
greater than 50% change in equity ownership by value over a 3-year
period. Based upon an analysis of our equity ownership, we have
experienced an ownership change and our NOL carry forwards are limited
in dollar amount. As of December 31, 2013, of the total accumulated NOL,
only $40.3 million is available for utilization in 2014 and thereafter
to shelter federal taxable income. Each year after 2014, an additional
$0.3 million is added to the total available NOL, until a maximum of
$43.9 million is reached. The amount of NOL available each year may
decrease by the amount of NOL utilized and may increase by the amount of
any operating losses incurred. Should we experience additional ownership
changes, our NOL carry forwards may be further limited.

***Changes in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of
operation and our business.***

        We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and other foreign
jurisdictions, including China. We base our tax position on the
anticipated nature and conduct of our business and our understanding of
the tax laws of the countries in which we have assets or conduct
activities. Our tax position may be reviewed or challenged by tax
authorities. Moreover, the tax laws currently in effect may change, and
such changes may have retroactive effect. We have inter-company
arrangements in place providing for administrative and financing
services and transfer pricing, which involve a significant degree of
judgment and are often subject to close review by tax authorities. The
tax authorities may challenge our positions related to these agreements.
If the tax authorities successfully challenge our positions, our
effective tax rate may increase, adversely affecting our results of
operation and our business.

26

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

***Our manufacturing operations are subject to environmental regulation
that could limit our growth or impose substantial costs, adversely
affecting our financial condition and results of operations.***

        Our properties, operations and products are subject to the
environmental laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we
operate and sell products. These laws and regulations govern, among
other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the management and
disposal of hazardous materials, the contamination of soil and
groundwater, employee health and safety and the content, performance,
packaging and disposal of products. Our failure to comply with current
and future environmental laws and regulations, or the identification of
contamination for which we are liable, could subject us to substantial
costs, including fines, clean-up costs, third-party property damages or
personal injury claims, and make significant investments to upgrade our
facilities or curtail our operations. Liability under environmental,
health and safety laws can be joint and several and without regard to
fault or negligence. For example, pursuant to environmental laws and
regulations, including but not limited to the Comprehensive
Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act, or CERCLA, we may
be liable for the full amount of any remediation-related costs at
properties we currently own or formerly owned, such as our currently
owned Sugar Land, Texas facility, or at properties at which we operated,
as well as at properties we will own or operate in the future, and
properties to which we have sent hazardous substances, whether or not we
caused the contamination. Identification of presently unidentified
environmental conditions, more vigorous enforcement by a governmental
authority, enactment of more stringent legal requirements or other
unanticipated events could give rise to adverse publicity, restrict our
operations, affect the design or marketability of our products or
otherwise cause us to incur material environmental costs, adversely
affecting our financial condition and results of operations.

***Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could
subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.***

        We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act which
generally prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other
prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or
retaining business. In addition, we are required to maintain records
that accurately and fairly represent our transactions and have an
adequate system of internal accounting controls. Foreign companies,
including some that may compete with us, may not be subject to these
prohibitions, and therefore may have a competitive advantage over us. If
we are not successful in implementing and maintaining adequate
preventative measures, we may be responsible for acts of our employees
or other agents engaging in such conduct. We could suffer severe
penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.

***We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could
subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in
international markets.***

        We are subject to export and import control laws, trade
regulations and other trade requirements that limit which products we
sell and where and to whom we sell our products. Specifically, the
Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce is
responsible for regulating the export of most commercial items that are
so called dual-use goods that may have both commercial and military
applications. A limited number of our products are exported by license
under the Export Control Classification Number, or ECCN, of 5A991.
Export Control Classification requirements are dependent upon an item's
technical characteristics, the destination, the end-use, and the
end-user, and other activities of the end-user. Should the regulations
applicable to our products change, or the restrictions applicable to
countries to

27

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

which we ship our products change, then the export of our products to
such countries could be restricted. As a result, our ability to export
or sell our products to certain countries could be restricted, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Changes in our products or any change in export or import
regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement
or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, persons or
technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in delayed or
decreased sales of our products to existing or potential customers. In
such event, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

***Rapidly changing standards and regulations could make our products
obsolete, which would cause our revenue and results of operations to
suffer.***

        We design our products to conform to regulations established by
governments and to standards set by industry standards bodies worldwide,
such as The American National Standards Institute, the European
Telecommunications Standards Institute, the International
Telecommunications Union and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers, Inc. Various industry organizations are currently considering
whether and to what extent to create standards applicable to our
products. Because certain of our products are designed to conform to
current specific industry standards, if competing or new standards
emerge that are preferred by our customers, we would have to make
significant expenditures to develop new products. If our customers adopt
new or competing industry standards with which our products are not
compatible, or the industry groups adopt standards or governments issue
regulations with which our products are not compatible, our existing
products would become less desirable to our customers and our revenue
and results of operations would suffer.

***Customer demands and new regulations related to conflict-free
minerals may adversely affect us.***

        The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
imposes new disclosure requirements regarding the use of "conflict"
minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining
countries in products, whether or not these products are manufactured by
third parties. These new requirements could affect the pricing, sourcing
and availability of minerals used in the manufacture of our products.
Certain of our customers are requiring additional information from us
regarding the origin of our raw materials, and complying with these
customer requirements may cause us to incur additional costs, such as
costs related to determining the origin of any minerals used in our
products. Our supply chain is complex and we may be unable to verify the
origins for all metals used in our products. We may also encounter
challenges with our customers and stockholders if we are unable to
certify that our products are conflict free.

**Risks Related to Our Operations in China**

***Adverse changes in economic and political policies in China, or
Chinese laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on
business conditions and the overall economic growth of China, which
could adversely affect our business.***

        The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed
countries in many respects, including the level of government
involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign
exchange and allocation of resources. The Chinese economy has been
transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy.
Despite reforms, the government continues to exercise significant
control over China's economic growth by way of the allocation of
resources, control over foreign currency-denominated obligations and
monetary policy and provision of preferential treatment to particular
industries or companies.

28

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        In addition, the laws, regulations and legal requirements in
China, including the laws that apply to foreign-invested enterprises, or
FIEs, are subject to frequent changes. The interpretation and
enforcement of such laws is uncertain. Protections of intellectual
property rights and confidentiality in China may not be as effective as
in the U.S. or other countries or regions with more developed legal
systems. Any litigation in China may be protracted and result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
Any adverse changes to these laws, regulations and legal requirements or
their interpretation or enforcement could have a material adverse effect
on our business.

        Furthermore, while China's economy has experienced rapid growth
in the past 20 years, growth has been uneven across different regions,
among various economic sectors and over time. China has also in the past
and may in the future experience economic downturns due to, for example,
government austerity measures, changes in government policies relating
to capital spending, limitations placed on the ability of commercial
banks to make loans, reduced levels of exports and international trade,
inflation, lack of financial liquidity, stock market volatility and
global economic conditions. Any of these developments could contribute
to a decline in business and consumer spending in addition to other
adverse market conditions, which could adversely affect our business.

***The termination and expiration or unavailability of our preferential
tax treatments in China may have a material adverse effect on our
operating results.***

        Prior to January 1, 2008, entities established in China were
generally subject to a 30% state and 3% local enterprise income tax
rate. In accordance with the China Income Tax Law for Enterprises with
Foreign Investment and Foreign Enterprises, effective through
December 31, 2007, our China subsidiary enjoyed preferential income tax
rates. Effective January 1, 2008, the China Enterprise Income Tax Law,
or the EIT law, imposes a single uniform income tax rate of 25% on all
Chinese enterprises, including FIEs, and eliminates or modifies most of
the tax exemptions, reductions and preferential treatment available
under the previous tax laws and regulations. As a result, our China
subsidiary may be subject to the uniform income tax rate of 25% unless
we are able to qualify for preferential status. Currently, we have
qualified for a preferential 15% tax rate that is available for new and
high technology enterprises. The preferential rate applies to calendar
years 2012, 2013 and 2014. We have not yet realized benefits from this
reduction in tax rate because we have not yet generated taxable income
in China. Any future increase in the enterprise income tax rate
applicable to us or the expiration or other limitation of preferential
tax rates available to us could increase our tax liabilities and reduce
our net income.

***China regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding
companies to China entities may delay or prevent us from using the
proceeds we receive from this offering to make loans or additional
capital contributions to our China subsidiary.***

        In utilizing the proceeds we receive from this offering, we may
make loans or additional capital contributions to our China subsidiary.
Any loans to our China subsidiary are subject to China regulations and
approvals. For example, any loans to our China subsidiary to finance
their activities cannot exceed statutory limits, must be registered with
State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, or its local
counterpart, and must be approved by the relevant government
authorities. Any capital contributions to our China subsidiary must be
approved by the Ministry of Commerce or its local counterpart. In
addition, under Circular 142, our China subsidiary, as a FIE, may not be
able to convert our capital contributions to them into RMB for equity
investments or acquisitions in China.

29

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain these
government registrations or approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with
respect to our future loans or capital contributions to our China
subsidiary. If we fail to receive such registrations or approvals, our
ability to use the proceeds of this offering and to capitalize our China
subsidiary may be negatively affected, which could materially and
adversely affect our liquidity and ability to fund and expand our
business.

***Our China subsidiary is subject to Chinese labor laws and regulations
and Chinese labor laws may increase our operating costs in China.***

        The China Labor Contract Law, together with its implementing
rules, provides increased rights to Chinese employees. Previously, an
employer had discretionary power in deciding the probation period, not
to exceed six months. Additionally, the employment contract could only
be terminated for cause. Under these rules, the probation period varies
depending on contract terms and the employment contract can only be
terminated during the probation period for cause upon three days'
notice. Additionally, an employer may not be able to terminate a
contract during the probation period on the grounds of a material change
of circumstances or a mass layoff. The new law also has specific
provisions on conditions when an employer has to sign an employment
contract with open-ended terms. If an employer fails to enter into an
open-ended contract in certain circumstances, the employer must pay the
employee twice their monthly wage beginning from the time the employer
should have executed an open-ended contract. Additionally an employer
must pay severance for nearly all terminations, including when an
employer decides not to renew a fixed-term contract. These laws may
increase our costs and reduce our flexibility.

***The turnover of direct labor in manufacturing industries in China is
high, which could adversely affect our production, shipments and results
of operations.***

        Employee turnover of direct labor in the manufacturing sector in
China is high and retention of such personnel is a challenge to
companies located in or with operations in China. Although direct labor
costs do not represent a high proportion of our overall manufacturing
costs, direct labor is required for the manufacture of our products. If
our direct labor turnover rates are higher than we expect, or we
otherwise fail to adequately manage our direct labor turnover rates,
then our results of operations could be adversely affected.

***An increase in our labor costs in China may adversely affect our
business and our profitability.***

        A significant portion of our workforce is located in China.
Labor costs in China have been increasing recently due to labor unrest,
strikes and changes in employment laws. If labor costs in China continue
to increase, our costs will increase. If we are not able to pass these
increases on to our customers, our business, profitability and results
of operations may be adversely affected.

***We may have difficulty establishing and maintaining adequate
management and financial controls over our China operations.***

        Businesses in China have historically not adopted a western
style of management and financial reporting concepts and practices,
which includes strong corporate governance, internal controls and
computer, financial and other control systems. Moreover, familiarity
with U.S. GAAP principles and reporting procedures is less common in
China. As a consequence, we may have difficulty finding accounting
personnel experienced with U.S. GAAP, and we may have difficulty
training and integrating our China-based accounting staff with our
U.S.-based

30

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

finance organization. As a result of these factors, we may experience
difficulty in establishing management and financial controls over our
China operations. These difficulties include collecting financial data
and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate
records and instituting business practices that meet U.S. public-company
reporting requirements. We may, in turn, experience difficulties in
implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as required
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

**Risks Related to This Offering and Our Common Stock**

***Our principal stockholders, executive officers and directors own a
significant percentage of our stock and have significant control of our
management and affairs, and they can take actions that may be against
your best interests.***

        Following the completion of this offering, our executive
officers and directors, and entities that are affiliated with them, will
beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 4.6% of our outstanding
common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, may have
significant influence over our management and affairs and matters
requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and
approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers,
consolidations or the sale of substantially all of our assets.
Consequently, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of
delaying or preventing a change in control, including a merger,
consolidation or other business combination involving us, or
discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or
otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if such a change in control
would benefit our other stockholders.

***Our stock price could decline due to the large number of outstanding
shares of our common stock eligible for future sale.***

        Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public
market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the
market price of our common stock to decline. These sales could also make
it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in
the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. Upon completion
of this offering, we will have an aggregate of 13,919,189 shares of
common stock outstanding based on shares outstanding as of December 31,
2013 and assuming no exercise of options or warrants after such date.
The 2,700,000 shares sold pursuant to this offering will be, and the
4,140,000 shares sold in our initial public offering are, immediately
tradable without restriction. Of the remaining shares,

•  
approximately 0.2 million shares are eligible for immediate sale;  
  

•  
approximately 6.0 million shares are expected to become eligible for
sale on March 25, 2014 upon the expiration of lock-up agreements
executed in connection with our initial public offering, subject in some
cases to volume and other restrictions of Rules 144 and 701under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and various
vesting agreements; and  
  

•  
approximately 0.9 million shares are expected to become eligible for
sale upon the expiration of 90-day lock-up agreements entered into in
connection with this offering, subject in some cases to volume and other
restrictions of Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act, or the
Securities Act, and various vesting agreements.

        The lock-up agreements entered into in connection with this
offering expire 90 days after the date of this prospectus, subject to
potential extensions in the event we release earning results

31

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

or material news or a material event relating to us occurs near the end
of the lock-up period and in the event that we cease to be an emerging
growth company. Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Piper
Jaffray & Co., as representatives of the underwriters may, in their sole
discretion and at any time without notice, release all or any portion of
the securities subject to lock-up agreements.

        On November 19, 2013, we registered 2,600,000 shares of our
common stock under our equity plans, which shares will be eligible for
sale upon the expiration of lock-up agreements (which expiration is
expected to occur on March 25, 2014), subject in some cases to volume
and other restrictions under Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act,
and various vesting agreements.

***Because our offering price is substantially higher than the as
adjusted net tangible book value per share of our outstanding common
stock, investors participating in this offering will incur immediate and
substantial dilution.***

        The offering price is substantially higher than the as adjusted
net tangible book value per share of our common stock based on the
expected total value of our total assets, less our goodwill and other
intangible assets, less our total liabilities immediately following this
offering. Therefore, if you purchase shares of our common stock in this
offering, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution of
$19.57 per share in the price you pay for our common stock compared to
the as adjusted net tangible book value as of December 31, 2013, based
on the assumed offering price of $26.20 per share. Furthermore,
investors purchasing our common stock in this offering will own only
9.2% of our shares outstanding even though they will have contributed
19.5% of the total consideration received by us in connection with our
sales of common stock, based on the assumed offering price of $26.20 per
share. To the extent outstanding options to purchase common stock are
exercised, there will be further dilution. For a further description of
the dilution that you will experience immediately after this offering,
see the section titled "Dilution."

***We currently do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and,
consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your
investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates.***

        We currently do not plan to declare or pay dividends on shares
of our common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of
our loan and security agreement with East West Bank restrict our ability
to pay dividends. See "Dividend Policy" for more information.
Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on the shares
you purchase in this offering will be if the market price of our common
stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. There is no
guarantee that the price of our common stock in the market after this
offering will ever exceed the price that you pay.

***Our charter documents, stock incentive plans and Delaware law could
prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also
reduce the market price of our stock.***

        Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our
amended and restated bylaws and our stock incentive plans contain
provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our
company. These provisions could also make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These
provisions include:

•  
providing for a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year
terms;

32

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
not providing for cumulative voting in the election of directors;  
  

•  
authorizing our board of directors to issue, without stockholder
approval, preferred stock rights senior to those of common stock;  
  

•  
prohibiting stockholder action by written consent;  
  

•  
limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders;  
  

•  
requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals;
and  
  

•  
change of control provisions in our stock incentive plans, and the
individual stock option agreements, which provide that a change of
control may accelerate the vesting of the stock options issued under
such plans.

        In addition, the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporate Law governs us. These provisions may prohibit large
stockholders, in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding
common stock, from engaging in certain business combinations without the
approval of substantially all of our stockholders for a certain period
of time.

        These and other provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and under
Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the
price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common
stock in the future and result in the market price being lower than it
would be without these provisions. See "Description of Capital
Stock—Preferred stock" and "Description of Capital Stock—Anti-takeover
effects of Delaware law."

***Some provisions of our named executive officers' agreements regarding
change of control or separation of service contain obligations for us to
make separation payments to them upon their termination.***

        Certain provisions contained in our employment agreements with
our named executive officers regarding change of control or separation
of service may obligate us to make lump sum severance payments and
related payments upon the termination of their employment with us, other
than such executive officer's resignation without good reason or our
termination of their employment as a result of their disability or for
cause. In the event we are required to make these separation payments,
it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for
the fiscal period in which such payments are made. For a further
description of the separation benefits that we may be obligated to pay
upon such termination of these executives, see the section titled
"Management—Agreements with Executive Officers."

***Our stock price has been and is likely to be volatile and you may be
unable to sell your shares at or above the offering price.***

        The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to
be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the
risk factors described in this section of this prospectus, and other
factors beyond our control, such as fluctuations in the valuation of
companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us.

        Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume
fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices
of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have
been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those

33

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as
general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions,
interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may
negatively affect the market price of our common stock.

        In the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in
the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class
action litigation. We may become the target of this type of litigation
in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in
substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other
business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.

***As an "emerging growth company" within the meaning of the Securities
Act, we will utilize certain modified disclosure requirements, and we
cannot be certain if these reduced requirements will make our common
stock less attractive to investors.***

        We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the
rules under the Securities Act. We have in this prospectus utilized, and
we plan in future filings with the SEC to continue to utilize, the
modified disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies,
including reduced disclosure about our executive compensation and
omission of compensation discussion and analysis, and an exemption from
the requirement of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and an exemption from the requirement that outside auditors
attest as to our internal control over financial reporting. As a result,
our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may
deem important.

        In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an
emerging growth company can utilize the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with
new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an emerging growth company
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those
standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to
utilize this extended transition period. Our financial statements may
therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such
new or revised accounting standards as they become applicable to public
companies.

        We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less
attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be
more volatile. We could remain an "emerging growth company" for up to
five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first
fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue exceed $1 billion,
(ii) the date that we become a "large accelerated filer" as defined in
Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value
of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million
as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal
quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion
in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period.

***If research analysts do not publish research about our business or if
they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, our
stock price and trading volume could decline.***

        The trading market for our common stock will depend on the
research and reports that research analysts publish about us and our
business. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more
research analysts downgrade our common stock or if those analysts issue
other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our
business. If one or more of the research analysts ceases coverage of our
company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our
stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price or trading
volume to decline.

34

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INDUSTRY DATA  
**

        This prospectus contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as
amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts
contained in this prospectus are forward-looking statements, including
statements regarding our future financial position, sources of revenue,
business strategy and plans, prospective products, product approvals or
products under development, costs, timing and likelihood of success,
gross margins, and objectives of management for future operations. In
particular, many of the statements under the headings "Prospectus
summary," "Risk Factors," "Management's discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations" and "Business" constitute
forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will,"
"should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates,"
"predicts," "potential," "continue," the negative of these terms, or by
other similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or
outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements
are only predictions, involving known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
We discuss many of these factors, risks and uncertainties in greater
detail under the heading "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this
prospectus. These factors expressly qualify all oral and written
forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our
behalf.

        You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions
of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual
results may differ materially from those suggested by the
forward-looking statements for various reasons, including those
discussed under "Risk Factors" in this prospectus. Except as required by
law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for
any reason after the date of this prospectus to conform these statements
to actual results or to changes in our expectations.

        This prospectus contains market data and certain other
statistical information based on independent industry publications,
governmental publications, reports by market research firms or other
independent sources, including those generated by Akamai, Cisco,
Infonetics and Ovum Limited, as well as our internal research. Some data
is also based on our internal estimates. Industry publications, surveys
and market research reports generally state that the information
contained in them has been obtained from sources believed by the
sources' authors to be reliable, but we have not independently verified
any of the data from third party sources nor have we investigated the
underlying economic assumptions on which such data are based. We
commissioned certain Ovum research referenced in the sections
"Prospectus Summary" and "Business" in this prospectus and contributed
to its preparation. This information involves a number of assumptions
and limitations. The markets in which we operate are subject to a high
degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including
those described in the section of this prospectus titled "Risk Factors."

35

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**USE OF PROCEEDS  
**

        We estimate that the net proceeds of the sale by us of our
common stock in this offering will be approximately $31.0 million, based
on an assumed public offering price of $26.20 per share, which was the
closing price of our common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global
Market on March 13, 2014, after deducting the underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We will not
receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling
stockholders.

        We do not have current specific plans for the use of the net
proceeds from this offering. We generally intend to use the net proceeds
of this offering for working capital and other general corporate
purposes, including developing new technologies, funding capital
expenditures or making investments in or acquisitions of other
businesses, solutions or technologies. Pending any use above, we plan to
invest the net proceeds in investment-grade, short-term,
interest-bearing securities. Management will have significant
flexibility in applying the net proceeds of the offering. The amount and
timing of our actual spending for these purposes may vary significantly
from our plans and will depend on a number of factors, including our
future revenues, cash generated by operations and other factors
described under the heading "Risk Factors." We may find it necessary or
advisable to use portions of the proceeds for other purposes.

36

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**MARKET PRICE OF COMMON STOCK  
**

        Our common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ Global Market
under the symbol "AAOI" since September 26, 2013. Prior to that date,
there was no public trading market for our common stock. Our common
stock was priced at $10.00 per share in our initial public offering on
September 25, 2013. The following table sets forth for the periods
indicated the high and low intra-day sale prices per share of our common
stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        On March 13, 2014, the last reported sale price of our common
stock on the NASDAQ Global Market was $26.20 per share. As of
January 31, 2014, we had 359 holders of record of our common stock. The
actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than these
numbers of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial
owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and
nominees. The number of holders of record also does not include
stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.

37

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**DIVIDEND POLICY  
**

        We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital
stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common
stock for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all
available funds and future earnings for use in the operation and
expansion of our business. Any future determination to pay cash
dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will
depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, terms of
financing arrangements, applicable Delaware law, capital requirements
and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. In
addition, the terms of our loan agreements governing our long-term debt
obligations prohibit us from paying dividends.

38

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**CAPITALIZATION  
**

        The following table sets forth our consolidated cash and cash
equivalents and capitalization as of December 31, 2013 on:

•  
an actual basis; and  
  

•  
an adjusted basis giving effect to the sale by us of 1,275,235 shares of
common stock in this offering, at an assumed public offering price of
26.20 per share, which was the closing price of our common stock as
reported on the NASDAQ Global Market on March 13, 2014, after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by us.

        You should read the information in this table together with
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations" and our consolidated financial statements and the
accompanying notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after
this offering is based on 12,643,954 shares of our common stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2013. This number of shares does not
include:

•  
1,467,902 shares of common stock subject to outstanding options as of
December 31, 2013, with a weighted average exercise price of $8.3794 per
share;  
  

•  
32,665 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of
outstanding warrants, with a weighted average exercise price of $9.80
per share; and  
  

•  
567,071 shares of common stock available for future sale or issuance
under our 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan.

39

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**DILUTION  
**

        If you invest in our common stock, your interest will be diluted
to the extent of the difference between the offering price per share of
our common stock and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of
our common stock after this offering. We calculate actual net tangible
book value per share by dividing the net tangible book value, or
tangible assets less total liabilities, by the number of outstanding
shares of common stock. Our actual net tangible book value at
December 31, 2013, was $61.3 million, or $4.85 per share.

        After giving effect to the sale of the 1,275,235 shares of
common stock by us at an assumed offering price of $26.20 per share, and
after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated
offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net tangible book value
at December 31, 2013, would be $92.2 million, or $6.63 per share. This
represents an immediate increase in the net tangible book value of $1.78
per share to existing stockholders and an immediate dilution of $19.57
per share to investors purchasing shares at offering price of $26.20 per
share. The following table illustrates this per share dilution:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|                                                                   |     |     |       |     |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|-----|-----|-------|-----|
|                                                                   |     |     |       |     |
| Assumed public offering price per share                           |     | $   | 26.20 |     |
| Actual net tangible book value per share at December 31, 2013     |     | $   | 4.85  |     |
| As adjusted net tangible book value per share after this offering |     | $   | 6.63  |     |
| Increase per share attributable to new investors                  |     | $   | 1.78  |     |
| Dilution per share to new investors in this offering              |     | $   | 19.57 |     |

</div>

</div>

40

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA  
**

        The selected consolidated financial data in this section is not
intended to replace our consolidated financial statements and the
related notes. You should read this summary consolidated financial data
together with the sections titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes, all included
elsewhere in this prospectus. We derived the consolidated statements of
operations data for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 and
the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2012 and 2013
from our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this
prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the
results to be expected in the future and results of interim periods are
not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(1\)  
These expenses include share-based compensation expense. Share-based
compensation expense is accounted for at fair value, using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Share-based compensation expense is
recognized over the vesting period of the stock options and was included
in cost of goods sold and operating expenses as follows:

</div>

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:75%;margin-left:12%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

</div>

41

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(1\)  
Working capital is defined as total current assets less total current
liabilities.  
  

\(2\)  
Total debt is defined as short-term loans, notes payable and total
long-term debt.

</div>

42

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF  
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
**

        *You should read the following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes appearing
elsewhere in this prospectus. This discussion and other parts of this
prospectus contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions. Our actual results could differ materially from those
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or
contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those
discussed in "Risk Factors."*

**Overview**

        We are a leading, vertically integrated provider of fiber-optic
networking products. We target three networking end-markets: CATV, FTTH
and internet data centers. We design and manufacture a range of optical
communications products at varying levels of integration, from
components, subassemblies and modules to complete turn-key equipment. In
designing products for our customers, we begin with the fundamental
building blocks of lasers and laser components. From these foundational
products, we design and manufacture a wide range of products to meet our
customers' needs and specifications, and such products differ from each
other by their end market, intended use and level of integration. We are
primarily focused on the higher-performance segments within the CATV,
FTTH and internet data center markets which increasingly demand faster
connectivity and innovation. Our vertically integrated manufacturing
model provides us several advantages, including rapid product
development, fast response times to customer requests and control over
product quality and manufacturing costs.

        The three end markets we target are all driven by significant
bandwidth demand fueled by the growth of network-connected devices,
video traffic, cloud computing and online social networking. Within the
CATV market, we benefit from a number of ongoing trends including the
global build-out of CATV infrastructure, the move to higher bandwidth
networks among CATV service providers and the outsourcing of system
design among CATV networking equipment companies. In the FTTH market, we
benefit from continuing PON deployments and system upgrades among
telecommunication service providers. Within the internet data center
market, we benefit from the increasing use of higher-capacity optical
networking technology as a replacement for copper cables, particularly
as speeds reach 10 gigabits per second and above, as well as the
movement to open internet data center architectures and the increasing
use of in-house equipment design among leading internet companies.

        We sell our products to leading original equipment
manufacturers, or OEMs, in the CATV and FTTH markets as well as internet
data center operators. In 2013, we earned 60.4% of our total revenue
from the CATV market, and 24.7% of our total revenue from the data
center market. In 2013, our key customers in the CATV market included
Cisco Systems and Biogenomics Corp., a distributor. In 2011, 2012 and
2013, Cisco Systems accounted for 26.8%, 33.2%, and 21.8%, respectively,
of our revenue and Biogenomics Corp. accounted for 11.7%, 11.2% and
8.7%, respectively, of our revenue. In 2013, our key customers that
contributed most to our FTTH revenue were Genexis B.V. and a leading
internet service provider, which accounted for 2.8% and 2.0% of our
total revenue, respectively. In 2013, our key customers in the data
center market included Amazon and Microsoft. In 2012 and 2013, Amazon
accounted for 5.8% and 18.2% of our revenue, respectively, and Microsoft
accounted for 2.6% and 6.1% of our revenue, respectively. In 2013,
revenue from the CATV market, data center market, FTTH market and other
markets provided 60.4%, 24.7%, 5.6%, and 9.3% of our revenue,
respectively, compared to 78.6%, 8.3%, 5.8% and 7.3% of our 2012
revenue, respectively.

43

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Our sales model focuses on direct engagement and close
coordination with our customers to determine product design,
qualifications, performance and price. Our strategy is to use our direct
sales force to sell to key accounts and to expand our use of
distributors for increased coverage in certain international markets and
certain domestic market segments. We have direct sales personnel that
cover the U.S., Taiwan and China focusing primarily on major OEM
customers and internet data center operators. Throughout our sales
cycle, we work closely with our customers to qualify our products into
their product lines. As a result, we strive to build strategic and
long-lasting customer relationships and deliver products that are
customized to our customers' requirements.

        Our business depends on winning competitive bid selection
processes to develop components, systems and equipment for use in our
customers' products. These selection processes are typically lengthy,
and as a result, our sales cycles will vary based on the level of
customization required, market served, whether the design win is with an
existing or new customer and whether our solution being designed in our
customers' product is our first generation or subsequent generation
product. We do not have any long-term purchase commitments (in excess of
one year) with any of our customers, all of whom purchase our products
on a purchase order basis. Once one of our solutions is incorporated
into a customer's design, however, we believe that our solution is
likely to continue to be purchased for that design throughout that
product's life cycle because of the time and expense associated with
redesigning the product or substituting an alternative solution.

        In 2011, 2012 and 2013, we had 11, 15 and 17 design wins,
respectively. We define a design win as the successful completion of the
evaluation stage, where our customer has tested our product, verified
that our product meets substantially all of their requirements and has
informed us that they intend to purchase the product from us. Although
we believe that our ability to obtain design wins is a key strength and
can provide meaningful and recurring revenue, an increase or decrease in
the mere number of design wins does not necessarily correlate to a
likely increase or decrease in revenue, particularly in the short term.
As such, the number of design wins we achieve on a quarterly or annual
basis and any increase or decrease in design wins will not necessarily
result in a corresponding increase or decrease in revenue in the same or
immediately succeeding quarter or year. For example, if our total number
of design wins in an annual or quarterly period increases or decreases
compared to the total number of design wins in a prior period, this does
not necessarily mean that our revenue in such period will be higher or
lower than our revenue in the prior period. In fact, our experience is
that some design wins result in significant revenue and some do not, and
the timing of such revenue is difficult to predict as it depends on the
success of the end customer's product that uses our components. Thus,
some design wins result in orders and significant revenue shortly after
the design win is awarded and other design wins do not result in
significant orders and revenue for several months or longer after the
initial design win (if at all). We do believe that over a period of
years the collective impact of design wins correlates to our overall
revenue growth.

        We believe we have an attractive financial profile, with strong
revenue performance and control over our manufacturing costs through our
vertically integrated manufacturing model. While we have incurred
substantial losses since our inception, and as of December 31, 2013 had
an accumulated deficit of $83.3 million, we achieved profitability (net
income on a GAAP basis) in the third quarter of 2013 and recorded a
slight loss ($0.5 million) in the fourth quarter of 2013. We have grown
our revenue at a 33.1% CAGR between 2009 and 2013, including 23.7%
growth year-over-year from 2012 to 2013.

44

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Factors Affecting Our Performance**

*        Increasing Consumer Demand for Bandwidth.*    Bandwidth demand
in all of our target markets is driving service provider investment in
new equipment and in turn generating demand for our products.
Increasingly, optical networking technologies are being incorporated
into networking equipment, replacing legacy copper-based networking
technologies. This shift to optical networking solutions benefits us as
a provider of those solutions.

*        Pricing, Product Cost and Margins.*    Our solution pricing
varies depending upon the end market, the complexity of the product and
the level of competition. Our product costs also vary with complexity as
well as the degree to which we can utilize components designed and
manufactured ourselves. We tend to realize higher gross margins on
products that incorporate a higher percentage of our own components. We
often initially experience lower gross margins on new products, as our
pricing is based upon anticipated volume-driven cost reductions over the
life of the design win. Thus, if we are unable to realize our expected
cost reductions, we may experience declining gross margins on such
products.

        Our product pricing is established when the product is initially
introduced to the market, and thereafter through periodic negotiations
with customers. We generally do not agree to periodic automatic price
reductions. Furthermore, due to the dynamics in the CATV market and the
value of our outsourced design services to our customers, we believe we
face less downward price pressure than many of our competitors. We sell
a wide variety of products among our three target markets and our gross
margin is heavily dependent in any quarter on the product mix achieved
during that period.

*        Decreasing Customer Concentration within End
Markets.*    Historically, our revenue has been significantly
concentrated within the CATV market and among a few customers within
this market. Over the past two years, we have developed new products
within the FTTH and internet data center markets. Furthermore, we have
developed additional original design manufacturer, or ODM, relationships
with customers in each of our target markets which should enable us to
diversify our revenue. Although the CATV market is our largest market
today, we anticipate that sales in the FTTH and internet data center
markets will account for a more significant percentage of our total
revenue in the future. We believe that our entry into the FTTH and
internet data center markets with new customers and with new products
will continue to facilitate revenue growth and customer diversification.

*        Product Development.*    We invest heavily to develop new and
innovative products. The majority of our research and development
expense is allocated to product development, usually with a specific
customer and customer platform in mind. We believe our close
coordination with our customers regarding their future product
requirements enhances the efficiency of our research and development
expenditures.

**Discussion of Financial Performance**

*Revenue*

        We generate revenue through the sale of our products to
equipment providers for the CATV, FTTH and internet data center markets.
We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our top ten
customers, and we anticipate that we will continue to do so for the
foreseeable future. We also anticipate that our revenue derived from the
FTTH and internet data center markets will increase as a percentage of
our revenue as we further penetrate and extend our products into these
markets. The following chart provides the revenue contribution from each
of the markets

45

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

we serve for the years 2011, 2012 and 2013, as well as the corresponding
percentage of our total revenue for each period:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:54%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        In 2011, 2012, and 2013, our top ten customers represented
76.6%, 77.6% and 76.9% of our revenue, respectively. While the
percentage earned from our top ten customers remained consistent, the
increase in data center revenue, from 8.3% in 2012 to 24.7% in 2013
resulted in more diversification across our top ten customers. In 2013,
our key customers in the CATV market included Cisco Systems, Biogenomics
Corp., a distributor in China, and Aurora Networks. In 2011, 2012 and
2013, Cisco Systems accounted for 26.8%, 33.2%, and 21.8%, respectively,
of our revenue and Biogenomics Corp. accounted for 11.7%, 11.2% and
8.7%, respectively, of our revenue. In 2013, our key customers in the
data center market included Amazon and Microsoft. In 2012 and 2013,
Amazon accounted for 5.8% and 18.2% of our revenue, respectively, and
Microsoft accounted for 2.6% and 6.1% of our revenue, respectively. In
2013, our key customers that contributed most to our FTTH revenue were
Genexis B.V. and a leading internet service provider, which accounted
for 2.8% and 2.0% of our total revenue, respectively.

        Revenue is recognized when the product is shipped and title has
transferred to the customer. We bear all costs and risks of loss or
damage to the goods up to that point. On most orders, our terms of sale
provide that title passes to the customer upon placement by us with a
common carrier (upon shipment). A majority of our annual sales are
denominated in U.S. dollars, but some sales from our Taiwan location and
China-based subsidiary are denominated in NT dollars and RMB,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2013, 17.4% of our total
revenue was derived from our China-based subsidiary, with $6.3 million
denominated in RMB, $2.0 million sold directly by our Taiwan location
and an immaterial amount denominated in NT dollars. We expect a similar
portion of our sales to be denominated in foreign currencies in 2014.

        During the three year period from 2011 to 2013, our average
sales price across our product lines declined less than 8.0%. Certain of
our competitors in the optical industry, who may have narrower market
focus than us or broader product lines within a market, have publically
stated that they typically experience annual price declines of 10-15%.
Revenue from period to period is driven by the volume of shipments and
may be impacted by pricing pressures, among other factors.

46

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

*Cost of goods sold and gross margin*

        Our cost of goods sold consists of material costs, direct labor,
allocated overhead and periodic cost variances, including reserves for
excess and obsolete inventory, with each representing approximately
65.1%, 12.6%, 17.3%, 5.0% of our total cost of goods sold, respectively,
in 2013.

        Our cost of goods sold is impacted by variances arising from
changes in yields and production volume. We typically experience lower
yields and higher associated costs on new products. In general, our cost
of goods sold for a particular product declines over time as a result of
increasing efficiencies in the manufacturing processes, or supply cost
declines, as well as yield improvements and testing enhancements.

        We manufacture our products in all three of our facilities in
the U.S., Taiwan and China. Generally, laser chips and optical
components are manufactured in our U.S. facility, optical components and
subassemblies are manufactured in our Taiwan facility, and equipment is
manufactured in our China facility. Because of our vertical integration
model, we utilize our own products in our semi-finished and finished
goods that we sell between and among our respective manufacturing
operations. We base those internal sales upon established transfer
pricing methodologies. However, we eliminate all of those internal
sales, and cost of goods sold transactions, to arrive at total revenue
and cost of goods sold on a consolidated basis.

        We have a global set of suppliers to help balance considerations
related to product availability, quality and cost. Components of our
cost of goods sold are denominated in U.S. or NT dollars or RMB,
depending upon the manufacturing location.

        Gross profit as a percentage of total revenue, or gross margin,
has been and is expected to continue to be affected by a variety of
factors, including the introduction of new products, production volumes,
the mix of products sold, the geographic region in which products are
sold, changes in the cost and volumes of materials purchased from our
suppliers, changes in labor costs, changes in overhead costs, reserves
for excess and obsolete inventories and changes in the average selling
prices of our products. Although our overall gross margins over the past
three years have been between 28.0% and 32.9%, our gross margins vary
more broadly on a product-by-product basis. Our newer and more advanced
products typically have higher average selling prices and higher gross
margins; however, until the product volumes scale, the gross margin from
newer and advanced products may initially be lower. Within our markets,
we sell similar products to different geographic regions at different
prices, and therefore realize different gross margins among those
similar products. We generally realize a lower gross margin in sales to
Asian markets. Our strategy is to improve our gross margins through
vertical integration such as utilization of our own laser chips and
optical sub-components in our solutions. We expect that our gross
margins are likely to continue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter
because of the variety of products we sell and the relative product mix
within a quarter.

*Operating expenses*

        Our operating expenses consist of research and development,
sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. Personnel
costs are the most significant component of operating expenses and
include salaries, benefits, bonuses and share-based compensation. With
regard to sales and marketing expense, personnel costs also include
sales commissions.

*        Research and development.*    Research and development, or R&D,
expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including share-based
compensation for R&D personnel, and R&D work

47

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

orders (that include material, direct labor and allocated overhead), as
well as allocated development costs, such as engineering services,
software and hardware tools, depreciation of capital equipment and
facility costs. We record all research and development expense as
incurred. Customers rely upon us to assist them with the development of
new products and modification of existing products because of our
extensive optical design and manufacturing expertise. We work closely
with our customers in the critical design phase of product development,
and are often reimbursed for those development efforts. By virtue of our
overseas R&D operations and by focusing on customer-specific projects,
our research and development expenses have tended to represent a lower
percentage of revenue compared to some of our competitors. In the
future, we expect research and development expense to increase on a
dollar basis, but continue to decline as a percentage of revenue, to the
extent our revenue increases over time.

*        Sales and marketing.*    Sales and marketing expense consists
primarily of personnel costs, including stock based compensation for our
sales and marketing personnel, as well as travel and trade show expense,
sales commissions and the allocation of overall corporate services and
facility costs. We sell our products to customers who either incorporate
our products into their offering or resell our products to end
customers. Because we sell to a limited number of well-established
customers, we employ a limited number of sales professionals who are
able to cover large markets. We compensate our sales staff through base
salary and commissions, with base salary being the largest component of
overall compensation. Total sales commissions to employees amounted to
less than one percent of our revenue in 2013. Additionally, we pay
commissions to third parties on certain product lines and identified
customers, which also amounted to less than one percent of our revenue
in 2013. As such, our sales and marketing expense does not directly
increase with revenue. In the future, we expect sales and marketing
expense to increase on a dollar basis as we incrementally increase our
overall sales activities, but expect our sales and marketing expense to
decline as a percentage of revenue, to the extent our revenue increases
over time.

*        General and administrative.*    General and administrative
expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including share-based
compensation, primarily for our finance, human resources and information
technology personnel and certain executive officers, as well as
professional services costs related to accounting, tax, banking, legal
and information technology services, depreciation of capital equipment
and facility costs. We expect general and administrative expense to
increase in the short term, as we develop the infrastructure necessary
to operate as a public company, including increased audit and legal
fees, costs to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and
regulations applicable to companies listed on a national stock exchange,
as well as investor relations expense and higher insurance premiums. In
the future, we expect general and administrative expense to increase on
a dollar basis but continue to decline as a percentage of revenue, to
the extent our revenue increases over time.

*Other income (expense)*

        Interest income consists of income earned on our cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments. Interest expense consists of
amounts paid for interest on our short-term and long-term debt
borrowings.

        Other income (expense), net is primarily made up of foreign
currency transaction gains and losses. The functional currency of our
China subsidiary is the RMB and the foreign currency transaction gains
and losses of our China subsidiary primarily result from their
transactions in U.S. dollars. The functional currency of our Taiwan
location is the NT dollar and the foreign

48

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

currency transaction gains and losses of our Taiwan location primarily
result from their transactions in U.S. dollars.

*Income taxes*

        We conduct our business globally. However, our operating income
is subject to varying rates of tax in the U.S., Taiwan and China.
Consequently, our effective tax rate is dependent upon the geographic
distribution of our earnings or losses and the tax laws and regulations
in each geographical region. We expect that our income taxes will vary
in relation to our profitability and the geographic distribution of our
profits. Our effective U.S. federal income tax rate was 0% in the past
three years as we have incurred operating losses. At December 31, 2013,
our U.S. accumulated net operating loss, or NOL, was $65.7 million. As
we earn profits in the U.S., we expect to reduce our cash tax
obligations by the utilization of NOL carry forwards. Our NOL benefits
expire over the twelve-year period from 2020 to 2032. Under Section 382
of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an "ownership change," the
corporation's ability to use its pre-change NOLs, capital loss carry
forwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change
income may be limited going forward. Based upon an analysis of our
equity ownership, we have experienced an ownership change and our NOL
carry forwards are limited in dollar amount. As of December 31, 2013, of
the total accumulated NOL only $40.3 million is available for
utilization in 2014 and thereafter to shelter federal taxable income.
Each year after 2014, an additional $0.3 million is added to the total
available NOL, until a maximum of $43.9 million is reached. The amount
of NOL available each year may decrease by the amount of NOL utilized
and may increase by the amount of any operating losses incurred. Should
we experience additional ownership changes our NOL carry forwards may be
further limited.

        Our wholly owned subsidiary, Global Technology, Inc., has
enjoyed preferential tax concessions in China as a national high-tech
enterprise. In March 2007, China's parliament enacted the PRC Enterprise
Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, under which, effective January 1, 2008,
China adopted a uniform income tax rate of 25% for all enterprises
including foreign invested enterprises. Global Technology, Inc. was
recognized as a national high-tech enterprise in 2008 and was entitled
to a 15% tax rate for a three year period from November 2008 to November
2011. In 2011, Global Technology, Inc. renewed its national high-tech
enterprise certificate and was therefore extended its three year tax
preferential status from November 2011 to November 2014.

49

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Results of Operations**

        The following table set forth our results of operations for the
periods presented and as a percentage of our revenue for those periods.
The period-to-period comparison of our financial results is not
necessarily indicative of our financial results to be achieved in future
periods.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:95%;margin-left:4%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:4%;">

\(1\)  
These expenses include share-based compensation expense, which is
accounted for at fair value, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model. Share-based compensation expense is recognized over the vesting
period of the stock options and was included in cost of goods sold and
operating expenses as follows:

</div>

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:75%;margin-left:12%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:4%;">

\(2\)  
We prepare Adjusted EBITDA and our other non-GAAP measures to eliminate
the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our overall
operating performance. To arrive at our non-GAAP gross profit, we
exclude share-based compensation expense from our GAAP gross profit. To
arrive at our non-GAAP income (loss) from operations we exclude all
amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expense and
non-recurring consulting fees, if any, from our GAAP net income (loss)
from operations. To arrive at our Adjusted EBITDA, we exclude these same
items and, additionally, exclude asset impairment charges, loss (gain)
from disposal of idle assets, unrealized

</div>

50

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:4%;">

    
We believe that our non-GAAP measures are useful to investors in
evaluating our operating performance for the following reasons:  
  

•  
We believe that elimination of items, such as share-based compensation
expense, adjusted depreciation and amortization, income tax expense and
other income, net, is appropriate because treatment of these items may
vary for reasons unrelated to our overall operating performance;  
  

•  
We use non-GAAP measures in conjunction with our GAAP financial measures
for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating
budget, as a measure of operating performance and the effectiveness of
our business strategies and in communications with our board of
directors concerning our financial performance;  
  

•  
We believe that non-GAAP measures provide better comparability with our
past financial performance, facilitates better period-to-period
comparisons of operational results and also facilitates comparisons with
our peer companies, many of which also use similar non-GAAP financial
measures to supplement their GAAP reporting; and  
  

•  
We anticipate that, after consummating this offering, our investor
presentations and those of securities analyst will include non-GAAP
measures to evaluate our overall operating performance.  
  

    
Adjusted EBITDA and other non-GAAP measures should not be considered as
an alternative to gross profit, income (loss) from operations, net
income (loss) or any other measure of financial performance calculated
and presented in accordance with GAAP. Our Adjusted EBITDA and other
non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of
other organizations because other organizations may not calculate
Adjusted EBITDA or such other non-GAAP measures in the same manner. You
are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reason we consider
them appropriate. For a reconciliation between GAAP and Non-GAAP
measures, see footnote 2 to the table in the section titled "Summary
Consolidated Financial Data" on page 7 of this prospectus.

</div>

***Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012***

*Revenue*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Of our total revenue in 2013, we generated $47.3 million, or
60.4%, from the CATV market, $19.3 million, or 24.7%, from the internet
data center market, $4.4 million, or 5.6%, from the FTTH market, and
$7.3 million, or 9.3%, from other markets. Total revenue increased by
$15.0 million, or 23.7%, from 2012 to 2013.

        The increase in revenue was attributable to a $14.1 million
increase from the internet data center market, and a $2.7 million
increase from other markets, partially offset by a $2.5 million decrease
from our CATV market. The increase in revenues in the internet data
center market were driven by increasing sales to customers we added late
in 2012. The decline in revenues in the CATV market in 2013 was a result
of market-wide weakness, particularly in China, as well as delays in
orders as a consequence of mergers among several of our CATV customers.

51

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

*Cost of goods sold and gross margin*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Cost of goods sold increased by $10.9 million, or 24.5%, from
2012 to 2013, primarily due to the combination of an $7.2 million
increase in direct material costs and a $3.7 million increase in labor
and overhead costs, both of which were associated with our increase in
revenues. Within our markets, we sell similar products in different
geographic regions at different prices, resulting in different gross
margins among our products. The decrease in gross margin was primarily
the result of a higher percentage of sales of lower margin CATV
equipment in Asia and a lower percentage of higher margin component
sales in the U.S.

*Operating expenses*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

*Research and development expense*

        Research and development expense increased by $0.9 million, or
11.9%, from 2012 to 2013. This was primarily due to increases in
personnel costs and R&D work order and project costs related to new
product development.

*Sales and marketing expense*

        Sales and marketing expense increased by $1.1 million, or 33.7%,
from 2012 to 2013. This was due to an increase in personnel costs due to
additional sales and marketing staff to better serve our customers, and
an increase in sales commissions directly related to our revenue growth.

*General and administrative expense*

        General and administrative expense increased by $2.6 million, or
32.7%, from 2012 to 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in share
based compensation expense as well as an increase in personnel costs,
expenses related to being a public company, professional fees and travel
expenses.

52

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

*Other income (expense), net*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Total net other expense decreased slightly from 2012 to 2013.
Interest expense decreased while average loan balances increased from
2012 to 2013 due to a further reduction in interest rates in 2013. Our
net other expense decreased by $0.3 million from 2012 to 2013 primarily
due to a $0.6 million unrealized foreign currency revaluation loss from
U.S. denominated accounts in 2013 when the NT dollar depreciated against
the U.S. dollar which was offset by an additional $0.2 million of
government subsidies received by our China subsidiary.

*Benefit from (provision for) income taxes*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Our effective tax rate was 0.0% for 2012 and 2013, as we did not
generate positive taxable income.

***Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2012 and 2011***

*Revenue*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Of our total revenue in 2012, we generated $49.8 million, or
78.6%, from the CATV market, $5.3 million, or 8.3%, from the internet
data center market, $3.7 million, or 5.8%, from the FTTH market, and
$4.6 million, or 7.3%, from other markets. Total revenue increased by
$15.6 million, or 32.6%, from 2011 to 2012. The increase in revenue was
attributable to an $11.0 million increase in revenue from our CATV
market, a $5.3 million increase from the internet data center market,
and a $0.4 million increase in the FTTH market, which increases were
partially offset by a $1.0 million decrease from other markets. Our CATV
market revenue increased in 2012 primarily due to increased capital
expenditures by CATV service providers and increased shipments of our
CATV equipment products. Revenues in 2012 were also driven by sales
increases from two customers in the internet data center market. Our
FTTH market

53

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

revenue increased primarily because of the sale of new transceiver
products to existing customers. Revenue declined in other markets
because of a de-emphasis by our sales staff and the decline in sales of
certain legacy products within those markets.

*Cost of goods sold and gross margin*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Cost of goods sold increased by $10.0 million, or 29.1%, from
2011 to 2012, primarily due to a combination of an $8.5 million increase
in direct material costs and a $1.3 million increase in labor and
overhead costs, both of which were associated with our increase in
revenues. The increase in gross margin was caused by lower direct labor
costs and lower overhead from improved efficiency, combined with a
reduction in our inventory reserve. The inventory reserves were higher
in 2011 primarily due to discontinued products and aging of inventory on
hand.

*Operating expenses*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

*Research and development expense*

        Research and development expense increased by $1.2 million, or
17.9%, from 2011 to 2012, $0.7 million of which was attributable to R&D
material expenses associated with new product development. The remaining
$0.5 million increase was a result of a reallocation of existing
personnel costs to R&D work orders and an increase in R&D staffing.
Because our R&D staff is integral to new product development, our R&D
staff often rotate between R&D work orders (non-production orders) and
production orders. As we shift those personnel from production back to
R&D, our R&D expenses vary.

*Sales and marketing expense*

        Sales and marketing expense increased by $0.7 million, or 30.0%,
from 2011 to 2012. This was due to a $0.5 million increase in personnel
costs due to additional sales and marketing staff to better serve our
customers, and an increase in sales commissions of $0.2 million because
of our revenue growth.

54

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

*General and administrative expense*

        General and administrative expense decreased by $0.2 million, or
2.8%, from 2011 to 2012. This was primarily due to a decrease in share
based compensation expense because of the use of a reduced volatility
assumption and prior grants becoming fully vested.

*Other income (expense), net*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Total net other expense decreased by $0.5 million, or 29.5%,
from 2011 to 2012. Interest expense remained relatively unchanged from
2011 to 2012. While average loan balances increased from 2011 to 2012 by
about $2.0 million, we benefited from a reduction in interest rates in
2012. The net other expense decreased by $0.5 million from 2011 to 2012
primarily due to foreign currency revaluation gains from U.S.
denominated accounts in 2012 when the NT dollar appreciated against the
U.S. dollar.

*Benefit from (provision for) income taxes*

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Our effective tax rate was 0.0% for 2011 and 2012, as we did not
generate positive taxable income.

55

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Quarterly Results of Operations**

        The following tables set forth selected unaudited quarterly
statements of operations data for our last eight completed fiscal
quarters. The information for each of these quarters has been prepared
on the same basis as the consolidated financial statements appearing
elsewhere in this prospectus and, in the opinion of management, includes
all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the results of
operations for these periods. These data should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing
elsewhere in this prospectus. These quarterly operating results are not
necessarily indicative of our operating results for any future period.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:54%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

56

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:54%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(1\)  
These expenses include share-based compensation expense as follows:

</div>

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:54%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

</div>

57

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(2\)  
See footnote 2 to the table in the section titled "Summary Consolidated
Financial Data" on page 7 of this prospectus for further discussion
regarding Non-GAAP measures. The following table reflects the
reconciliation of U.S. GAAP financial measures to non-GAAP financial
measures:

</div>

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:54%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

</div>

*Quarterly revenue trends and seasonality*

        Our quarterly results reflect seasonality in the sale of our
products. Historically, our revenue has been highest in the fourth
quarter and lowest in the first quarter. The first quarter of the year
has historically been negatively affected by reduced economic activity
due to the Chinese New Year holiday and the lower level of deployment of
outdoor CATV equipment in cold weather environments.

*Quarterly gross margin trends*

        Our gross margin varies quarter to quarter but has been within a
range of 27.8% and 32.9% over the past eight quarters. Our gross margin
varies primarily due to the product mix in a

58

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

particular quarter, as well as from the level of manufacturing
efficiencies, production yields (particularly in the laser chip
fabrication process) and overall supply costs.

*Quarterly operating result trends*

        Our quarterly operating results are likely to fluctuate due to
seasonality and other factors such as:

•  
general economic, industry and market conditions in our target
markets;  
  

•  
our CATV customers' willingness to outsource more of their internal
design and manufacturing;  
  

•  
changes in the mix of products within a quarter or changes in the volume
of products sold within a particular target market;  
  

•  
our ability to obtain new orders, and the timing of such orders;  
  

•  
the level of revenues from our orders;  
  

•  
pricing policies by us or our competitors;  
  

•  
our ability to fulfill sales orders in a timely manner within normal
lead times or as otherwise demanded by customers;  
  

•  
our ability to adjust our production in response to quarter-over-quarter
variations in revenue;  
  

•  
our ability to adjust sales, general and administrative costs in
response to changes in revenue; and  
  

•  
our ability to control costs and capital expenditures.

        The occurrence of one or more of these factors could cause our
revenue and corresponding operating results to vary widely. As such, we
believe that our quarterly levels of revenue and expenses may vary
significantly in the future, and that period-to-period comparisons of
our results may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an
indication of future performance.

**Liquidity and Capital Resources**

        From inception until our initial public offering, we financed
our operations through private sales of equity securities and cash
generated from operations and from various lending arrangements. On
October 1, 2013, we completed our initial public offering, in which we
issued and sold 3,600,000 shares of our common stock at a public
offering price of $10.00 per share, providing proceeds of $31.5 million,
net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. At
December 31, 2013, our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and
short-term investments totaled $30.8 million. Cash and cash equivalents
were held for working capital purposes and were invested primarily in
money market funds. We do not enter into investments for trading or
speculative purposes.

59

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        The table below sets forth selected cash flow data for the
periods presented:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

*Operating activities*

        In 2013, net cash used in operating activities was $6.6 million.
Cash used in operating activities primarily related to an increase in
receivables from customers from the sale of our products in excess of
cash paid to our suppliers. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we
recognized a net loss of $1.4 million. The net loss incorporated
non-cash charges, including depreciation and amortization of
$3.4 million, share based compensation expenses of $1.1 million and
non-cash increases to our inventory reserve accounts of $0.5 million. We
also spent $7.5 million to increase our inventories to support increases
in sales volumes, but this was offset by an increase in accounts
payable.

        In 2012, net cash used in operating activities was $0.4 million.
Cash used in operating activities primarily related to payments to
suppliers in excess of cash received from our customers from the sale of
our products. During 2012, we recognized a net loss of $0.9 million.
However, that net loss incorporated non-cash charges, including
depreciation and amortization of $2.9 million, share-based compensation
expense of $0.1 million and non-cash increases to our inventory reserve
accounts of $0.9 million. In addition, we spent $0.5 million in 2012 to
increase our inventories in anticipation of expected increases in sales
volumes.

        In 2011, net cash used in operating activities was $4.1 million.
Cash used in operating activities primarily related to payments to
suppliers in excess of cash received from our customers from the sale of
our products. During 2011, we recognized a net loss of $5.3 million.
However, that net loss incorporated non-cash charges, including
depreciation and amortization of $3.1 million, share-based compensation
expense of $0.6 million and non-cash increases to our inventory reserve
accounts of $1.6 million. In addition, we spent $1.6 million in 2011 to
increase our inventories in anticipation of expected increases in sales
volumes.

*Investing activities*

        Our investing activities consisted primarily of capital
expenditures and purchases of intangible assets.

        In 2013, we used $17.7 million of cash for investing activities,
of which $9.3 million of cash was used for the purchase of additional
machinery and equipment to support our research and development efforts
and manufacturing activities and $8.0 million of cash was used for the
purchase of short-term investments.

        In 2012, we used $3.3 million of cash for investing activities.
We used $3.2 million of cash for the purchase of additional machinery
and equipment to support our research and

60

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

development efforts and manufacturing activities, partially offset by
$0.1 million of cash provided by the sale of obsolete equipment.

        In 2011, we used $1.6 million of cash for investing activities.
We used $1.8 million of cash for the purchase of property and equipment,
partially offset by $0.4 million of cash provided by the sale of
obsolete equipment.

*Financing activities*

        Our financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds from
the issuance of common stock and preferred stock and activity associated
with our various lending arrangements.

        In 2013, our financing activities provided $35.4 million in
cash. We received $31.5 million in net proceeds from our initial public
offering. We received $3.5 million in net borrowings associated with our
bank loans and received $0.7 million from the exercise of stock options
and warrants. These increases were offset by an increase in our
restricted cash by $0.2 million, related to the compensating balances
required by our loans in China.

        In 2012, our financing activities provided $12.8 million in
cash. We received $10.2 million in cash from the issuance of preferred
stock, $2.7 million in net borrowings associated with our bank loans and
$0.8 million from the issuance of notes payable, offset in part by
$0.7 million of payments of principal on our term loans and notes
payable and $0.2 million to repay loans from stockholders.

        In 2011, our financing activities provided $2.8 million in cash,
primarily resulting from $2.9 million of cash from the issuance of
preferred stock and $1.6 million in net borrowings associated with our
bank loans, offset in part by $0.2 million of payments of principal on
our term loans and notes payable and $1.2 million to repay loans from
stockholders.

*Loans and commitments*

        We have lending arrangements with several financial
institutions, including a loan and security agreement with East West
Bank in the U.S., several lines of credit arrangements for our China
subsidiary and financing agreements for our Taiwan location.

        As of December 31, 2013, our loan and security agreement in the
U.S. included a $7.0 million revolving line of credit which matures on
November 15, 2015. Also included with the same bank is a term loan with
monthly payments of principal and interest that matures on November 15,
2014. As of December 31, 2013, we had $7.0 million outstanding under the
revolving line of credit and $3.1 million outstanding on the term loan.

        On September 10, 2013, our loan and security agreement in the
U.S. was amended to add $5.0 million of borrowing capability to the
existing credit line, for the purpose of financing equipment. The
additional equipment term loan allows us to draw up to the lesser of
(i) $5.0 million, or (ii) 90% of the costs of equipment purchased
between March 31, 2013 and March 10, 2014. Through March 10, 2014, we
are required to pay interest only on the then-outstanding balance, and
then pay equal principal payments plus accrued interest monthly for the
following 42 months. The interest rate for such equipment term loan is
the bank's prime lending rate plus 0.75%, currently a total of 4.0%. As
of December 31 2013, $1.85 million has been drawn against this equipment
term loan.

61

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Our loan and security agreement requires us to maintain certain
financial covenants, including a minimum current ratio, maximum debt
over net worth ratio and minimum debt service coverage. The agreement
also restricts our minimum cash deposits and the percentage of deposit
with other banks. As of December 31, 2013, we were in compliance with
all covenants contained in this agreement.

        As of December 31, 2013, our China subsidiary had a line of
credit facility and bank acceptances with China banks totaling
$18.0 million. As of December 31, 2013, a total of $12.1 million was
outstanding under various notes, each with its own maturity date and
each renewing annually from January 2014 to August 2014. The notes that
begin to mature in January 2014 are expected to be renewed on the same
terms and with new one year terms. These loans have renewed each year
for the past three years. While there can be no assurance of renewal as
each loan matures, we expect these loans to renew this year as they have
over the past periods. On January 6, 2014, we paid off $4.5 million in
loans with maturity dates ranging January 2014 to March 2014 to China
bank.

        As of December 31, 2013, our China subsidiary had a U.S.
currency based loan of $2.4 million under various notes with four month
terms.

        In July 2013, our Taiwan location extended its outstanding note
payable with a financing company to mature on July 31, 2015.

        In December 2013, our Taiwan location entered into one year
revolving Credit Facility Agreements with Taiwan banks for a total of
$8.0 million. Borrowings under the Credit Facility will be used for
general corporate purposes. Our obligations under the Credit Facility
are secured by our $8.0 million cash deposit in a one-year CD with such
banks. Borrowings under the Credit Facility will bear interest at a rate
equal to the Taiwan Time Deposit Interest Rate Index plus 0.41%, which
is currently 1.78%. As of December 31, 2013, $3.8 million was
outstanding under this credit facility.

        A customary business practice in China is for customers to
exchange accounts receivable with notes receivable issued by their bank.
From time to time we accept notes receivable from certain of our
customers in China. These notes receivable are non-interest bearing and
are generally due within six months, and such notes receivable may be
redeemed with the issuing bank prior to maturity at a discount.
Historically, we have collected on the notes receivable in full at the
time of maturity.

        Frequently, we also direct our banking partners to issue notes
payable to our suppliers in China in exchange for accounts payable. Our
China subsidiary's banks issue the notes to vendors and issue payment to
the vendors upon redemption. We owe the payable balance to the issuing
bank. The notes payable are non-interest bearing and are generally due
within six months of issuance. As a condition of the notes payable
lending arrangements, we are required to keep a compensating balance at
the issuing banks that is a percentage of the total notes payable
balance until the notes payable are paid by our China subsidiary. These
balances are classified as restricted cash on our consolidated balance
sheets. As of December 31, 2013, our restricted cash totaled
$0.7 million.

*Future liquidity needs*

        We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, short term
investments, and cash flows from our operating activities, will be
sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the next 12 to
24 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors
including our

62

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support our
development efforts, the expansion of our sales and marketing
activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products, the costs to
increase our manufacturing capacity and the continuing market acceptance
of our products. In the event that additional financing is required from
outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to
us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired,
our business, operating results and financial condition would be
adversely affected.

**Contractual Obligations and Commitments**

        The following summarizes our contractual obligations as of
December 31, 2013:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(1\)  
We have several loan and security agreements in China, Taiwan and the
U.S. that provide various credit facilities, including lines of credit
and term loans. The amount presented in the table represents the
principal portion of the obligations.  
  

\(2\)  
We have entered into various non-cancellable operating lease agreements
for our offices in Taiwan and the U.S.  
  

\(3\)  
We are obligated to make payments under various arrangements with
suppliers for the procurement of goods and services.

</div>

**Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk**

***Market Risks***

        Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our
financial statements through adverse changes in financial market prices
and rates and inflation. Our market risk exposure results primarily from
fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates. We manage our
exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and
financing activities. We have not historically attempted to reduce our
market risks through hedging instruments; we may, however, do so in the
future.

***Interest Rates***

        We are exposed to interest rate fluctuations on our cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments. We had unrestricted cash and
cash equivalents of $1.8 million, $10.7 million and $22.0 million at
December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. Our cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments are subject to limited interest
rate risk and are primarily maintained in money market funds and bank
deposits.

        We have entered into various loan agreements with East West Bank
in the U.S., China Construction Bank in China and Mega Bank and
Chailease Finance Co LTD in Taiwan. At December 31, 2013:

•  
the revolving line of credit for our U.S.-based loans had a principal
balance of $7.0 million, bearing interest at rates based on the prime
rate plus a premium of 0.5% or floor rate of 3.75% whichever is higher,
maturing on November 15, 2015,

63

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
our term loan with a U.S. bank had a principal balance of $3.1 million,
with monthly payment of principal and interest at prime rate plus 0.75%
or floor rate 4%, maturing on November 15, 2014,  
  

•  
our term loan with a U.S. bank had a principal balance of $1.9 million,
interest payment only through March 10, 2014, and then equal principal
and interest monthly installment payment for the following 42 months,
maturing in September 2017,  
  

•  
the Chinese-based revolving line of credit loan had a principal balance
of $7.1 million, bearing interest at 108%-110% of LIBOR or 6.48% to
6.6%,  
  

•  
the Chinese-based revolving loan had a principal balance of
$2.4 million, bearing interest at 4.1% to 4.15%,  
  

•  
the Chinese bank acceptance notes issued to vendors had a balance of
$2.3 million, bearing no interest rate,  
  

•  
the Taiwanese-based revolving line of credit had a principal balance of
$3.8 million, bearing interest at 1.78%, maturing in December 2014,
and  
  

•  
the Taiwanese-based term loan had $0.9 million principal balance
outstanding, with monthly payment of principal and interest at interest
rate of 4.95%, maturing on July 30, 2015.

        With respect to our interest expense for the year ended
December 31, 2013, an increase or decrease of 1.0% in each of our
interest rates would have resulted in an increase of $0.3 million in our
interest expense for such period.

***Foreign Exchange Rates***

        We operate on an international basis with a portion of our
revenue and expenses being incurred in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. Fluctuations in the value of these foreign currencies in which
we conduct our business relative to the U.S. dollar affects our results
and will cause U.S. dollar translation of such currencies to vary from
one period to another. We cannot predict the effect of exchange rate
fluctuations upon our future operating results. The effect on our
results of operations from currency fluctuations is reduced, however,
because we have revenue and expenses in each of these foreign
currencies.

        We maintain certain assets, including certain bank accounts,
accounts receivables, land and building, in RMB and the NT dollar, which
are sensitive to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
Additionally, certain of our current and long-term liabilities are
denominated in these currencies. As of December 31, 2013, fluctuation in
RMB and NT dollar currency exchange rates resulted in assets and
liabilities denominated in these currencies being translated into
$0.5 million and $0.4 million more U.S. dollars than at December 31,
2012, respectively.

        Additionally, the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and
other currencies fluctuates and is affected by, among other things,
changes in political and economic conditions in China. The conversion of
RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, has been based on
rates set by the People's Bank of China. On July 21, 2005, the Chinese
government changed its policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the
U.S. dollar and began allowing modest appreciation of the RMB against
the U.S. dollar. Fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate is, however,
restricted to a rise or fall of no more than 0.5% per day versus the
U.S. dollar, and the People's Bank of China continues to intervene in
the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term

64

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate. Nevertheless, under China's
current exchange rate regime, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate
significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long
term. The RMB has appreciated 8.46% against the U.S. dollar from
January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2013. There remains international
pressure on the Chinese government to adopt a substantial liberalization
of its currency policy, which could result in a further and more
significant appreciation in the value of the RMB against the U.S.
dollar.

        We use the U.S. dollar as our functional and reporting currency
for our financial statements. All transactions in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar during the year are re-measured at the exchange rates
prevailing on the respective relevant dates of such transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities existing at the balance sheet date
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are re-measured at
the exchange rates prevailing on such date. Exchange differences are
recorded in our consolidated income statement. The financial records of
our China subsidiary and our Taiwan location are maintained in their
respective local currencies, the RMB and the NT dollar, which are the
functional currencies for our China subsidiary and our Taiwan location,
respectively. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange
rates at the balance sheet date, equity accounts are translated at
historical exchange rates and revenues, expenses, gains and losses are
translated using the average annual rate in 2011, a quarterly average
rate in 2012 and a monthly average rate in 2013. Translation adjustments
are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a
separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in our
statement of stockholders' equity (deficit) and comprehensive income.
Transaction gains and losses are recognized in our statements of
operations in other income (expenses).

        We incurred approximately 49.4% of our operating expenses in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar during 2013. As of December 31,
2013, we held the U.S. dollar equivalent of approximately $14.3 million
in RMB and $0.1 million in NT dollars, included in cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments. Fluctuations in exchange rates
directly affect our cost of revenues and net income, and have a
significant impact on fluctuations in our operating margins. For
example, in 2013, 92.2% of our revenues were generated from sales
denominated in U.S. dollars, and 21.4% of our operating costs and
expenses were denominated in RMB and 28.0% of our operating costs were
denominated in NT dollars. Fluctuations in exchange rates also affect
our balance sheet. For example, if we need to convert U.S. dollars into
RMB or NT dollars for our operations, appreciation of the RMB or the NT
dollar against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB
or NT dollar amount that we receive from the conversion. With respect to
our total cash and short-term investments as of December 31, 2013, a
1.0% change in the exchange rates between the RMB and the U.S. dollar
would result in a $0.1 million change in our total cash and short-term
investments, and a 1.0% change in the exchange rates between the NT
dollar and the U.S. dollar would result in an immaterial change in our
total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.

        Fluctuations in currency exchange rates of the above currencies
we hold against the U.S. dollar would have a corresponding impact on the
U.S. dollar equivalent of such currencies included in the cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments reported in our financial
statements from period to period.

***Inflation***

        We believe that the relatively low rate of inflation in the U.S.
over the past few years has not had a significant impact on our sales or
operating results or on the prices of raw materials. To the extent we
expand our operations in China and Taiwan, such actions may result in
inflation having a more significant impact on our operating results in
the future.

65

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

***Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements***

        During 2011, 2012 and 2013, we did not have any relationships
with unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as
structured finance or special purpose entities that would have been
established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet
arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.

***Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates***

        Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These
principles require us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash
flows, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Our
estimates include those related to revenue recognition, share-based
compensation expense, impairment analysis of goodwill and long-lived
assets, valuation of inventory, warranty liabilities and accounting for
income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the
extent that there are material differences between these estimates and
our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected.

        We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which
are described in Note B to our consolidated financial statements
appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, the following accounting
policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity.
Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to fully understand
and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations.

*Revenue recognition*

        We generally employ a direct sales model in North America, and
in the rest of the world we use both direct and indirect channels. Our
revenue recognition policy is to recognize gross revenue whether our
products are sold on a direct or indirect basis, because our reseller
customers (indirect channel) take title to our products and honor the
same terms and conditions as do our direct sales customers. We recognize
revenue from the sale of our products provided that persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or
determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Contracts or
customer purchase orders are used to determine the existence of an
arrangement. Shipping documents and customer acceptance, when
applicable, are used to verify delivery. We assess whether the price is
fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the
transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or
adjustment. We assess collectability based primarily on the
creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and the
customer's payment history. Customers are generally extended net 30
credit terms from the date of shipment, with some extension to net 60
credit terms for some more creditworthy customers.

        Whether our products are sold on a direct or indirect basis,
revenue is recognized when the product is shipped and title has
transferred to the customer. We bear all costs and risks of loss or
damage to the goods up to that point. On most orders, our terms of sale
provide that title passes to the customer upon placement by us with a
common carrier (upon shipment). In some cases we may provide for title
transfer to the customer upon delivery of the goods to the customer. We
determine payments made to third party sales representatives are
appropriately recorded to sales and marketing expense and not a
reduction of revenue. Shipping and handling costs are included in cost
of goods sold. We present revenue net of sales returns and allowances,
sales taxes and any similar assessments. We provided a limited warranty
as part of our standard

66

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

terms and conditions of sale. This warranty provides for the repair or
replacement of our products, at our discretion, that we determined
(i) are defective in workmanship, material, or not in compliance with
the mutually agreed written applicable specification and (ii) has in
fact failed under normal use on or before one year from the date of
original shipment of the products. Some of our customers are provided
limited warranties between three to five years, on certain limited and
identified products. Warranty costs associated with returned goods that
are repaired or replaced are charged to cost of goods sold.

        During our ordinary course of business, we may enter into new
product development agreements to design, customize and develop new
products for our customers. Such new product development agreements
often involve material cost and engineering hours and therefore
non-recurring engineering service (NRE) charges are agreed upon for the
customer to reimburse our related costs. We adopt the
percentage-of-completion method in revenue recognition for NRE revenues
by using cost-input measurement. We capitalize cost input up to the
contractual agreement amount and recognize NRE revenues based upon the
agreement schedule. Contracts or customer purchase orders are often used
to determine the existence of a service agreement.

*Share-Based Compensation*

        Stock option fair value is calculated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes valuation model. The compensation cost is then
recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of
the option, which is generally the option vesting term of four years.
The Black-Scholes valuation model requires us to estimate key
assumptions such as expected term, volatility, dividend yield and
risk-free interest rates that determine the stock option fair value. In
addition, we estimate forfeitures at the time of grant. As there had
been no market for our common stock prior to our initial public
offering, the expected volatility for options granted to date was
derived from an analysis of reported data for a peer group of companies
that issued options with similar terms. The expected volatility has been
determined using an average of the expected volatility reported by this
peer group of companies. We use a risk free interest rate based on the
10-year Treasury as reported during the period. The expected term of the
options has been determined utilizing the simplified method which
calculates a simple average based on vesting period and option life. We
do not anticipate paying dividends in the near future. Estimated
forfeitures are based on historical experience and future work force
projections.

*Long-lived assets*

        Depreciation and amortization of the intangible assets and other
long-lived assets is provided using the straight-line method over their
respective estimated useful lives, reflecting the pattern of economic
benefits associated with these assets. Changes in circumstances such as
technological advances, changes to our business model, or changes in our
capital strategy could cause the actual useful lives of intangible
assets or other long-lived assets to differ from initial estimates. In
those cases where we determine that the useful life of an asset should
be revised, we depreciate the remaining net book value over the new
estimated useful life.

        Our long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
such assets may not be recoverable. We value on an asset-by-asset basis
our long-lived assets and will recognize an impairment loss when the sum
of such valuation is less than the carrying amount of such assets. The
values, based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections,
require subjective judgments. Depending on the assumptions and estimates
used, the values projected in the evaluation of long-lived assets can
vary within a range of outcomes. We consider the likelihood of possible
outcomes in determining the best estimate for the value of the assets.
We did not record any asset impairment charges in 2013 or 2012.

67

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

*Valuation of inventories*

        Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (average-cost
method) or market. Work in process and finished goods includes
materials, labor and allocated overhead. We assess the valuation of our
inventory on a periodic basis and provide an allowance for the value of
estimated excess and obsolete inventory based on estimates of future
demand. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we
recorded excess and obsolete inventory charges of $0.5 million,
$0.9 million, and $1.6 million, respectively. Of the $1.6 million in
inventory reserves during 2011, $1.0 million was recorded in the fourth
quarter of 2011 and was associated with the application of our inventory
reserve policy.

        During 2011, we reviewed our inventory policy to determine if
the existing reserve for obsolescence and loss was appropriate. The
policy at the time provided reserves on a schedule that weighted
inventory over a two year period, but the maximum reserve was 80% of
inventory value, regardless of the age of inventory. We modified the
policy to account for more distinct periods, and to fully reserve any
inventory that was over two years old. The policy provides for aging of
inventory as follows:

•  
Less than 360 days—10%  
  

•  
Between 360 and 540 days—50%  
  

•  
Between 540 and 720—80%  
  

•  
Over 720 days—100%

        We considered the following factors in our determination of the
appropriate reserve level: how often we buy material in bulk that lasts
for more than 12 months of supply; changes in material costs over a
24 month period; the overall market value of raw material, semi-finished
goods and finished goods across our varied product lines and within
markets; changes in expected demand for our products; the change in
valuations historically; the determined safety stock for key customers;
and the likelihood of postponement in delivery schedules for materials
already placed in finished goods inventory.

*Accounting for income taxes*

        We account for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of
ASC 740, Income Taxes. The liability method is used to account for
deferred income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that
will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The
ability to realize deferred tax assets is evaluated annually and a
valuation allowance is provided if it is unlikely that the deferred tax
assets will not give rise to future benefits in our tax returns.

**Recent Accounting Pronouncements**

*        ASU 2011-04.*    In May 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-04,
*Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair
Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRS*.
This ASU represents the converged guidance of the FASB and the IASB on
measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
measurements. The amendments in this ASU clarify our board of directors'
intent about the application of existing fair value measurement and
disclosure requirements and changes particular principles or
requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information
about fair value measurements. ASU 2011-04 is effective prospectively
for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2011. We adopted the provisions of ASU 2011-04 on January 1, 2012, and
the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

68

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**BUSINESS  
**

**Overview**

        We are a leading, vertically integrated provider of fiber-optic
networking products. We target three networking end-markets: CATV, FTTH
and internet data center. We design and manufacture a range of optical
communications products at varying levels of integration, from
components, subassemblies and modules to complete turn-key equipment. In
designing products for our customers, we begin with the fundamental
building blocks of lasers and laser components. From these foundational
products, we design and manufacture a wide range of products to meet our
customers' needs and specifications, and such products differ from each
other by their end market, intended use and level of integration. We are
primarily focused on the higher performance segments within the CATV,
FTTH and internet data center markets which increasingly demand faster
connectivity and innovation.

        In 2013, our revenue was $78.4 million and our gross margin was
29.4%. We have grown our annual revenue at a CAGR of 33.1% between 2009
and 2013. In the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012, and 2013, we
incurred losses of $5.3 million, $0.9 million, and $1.4 million,
respectively, and our accumulated deficit at December 31, 2012 and
December 31, 2013 was $81.9 million and $83.3 million, respectively. In
2013, we earned 60.4% of our total revenue from the CATV market, and
24.7% of our total revenue from the data center market. In 2013, our key
customers in the CATV market included Cisco Systems and Biogenomics
Corp., a distributor. In 2011, 2012 and 2013, Cisco Systems accounted
for 26.8%, 33.2%, and 21.8%, respectively, of our revenue and
Biogenomics Corp. accounted for 11.7%, 11.2% and 8.7%, respectively, of
our revenue. In 2013, our key customers in the data center market
included Amazon and Microsoft. In 2012 and 2013, Amazon accounted for
5.8% and 18.2% of our revenue, respectively, and Microsoft accounted for
2.6% and 6.1% of our revenue, respectively.

        The three end markets we target are all driven by significant
bandwidth demand fueled by the growth of network-connected devices,
video traffic, cloud computing and online social networking. According
to Cisco Systems' 2013 Visual Networking Index, global network traffic
is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 23% from 2012 to
2017. To address this increased bandwidth demand, CATV and
telecommunications service providers are competing directly against each
other by providing bundles of voice, video and data services to their
subscribers and investing to enhance the capacity and capability of
their networks. The trend of rising bandwidth consumption also impacts
the internet data center market, as reflected in the shift to higher
speed server connections. According to a 2013 Infonetics report, 10
gigabit ethernet enterprise port shipments in 2012 were 14.7 million and
are projected to grow to 109.4 million in 2017, representing a 49.3%
CAGR. As a result of these trends, fiber-optic networking technology is
becoming essential in all three of our target markets, as it is often
the only economic way to deliver the required bandwidth.

        The CATV market is our largest and most established market, for
which we supply a broad array of products including lasers, transmitters
and turn-key equipment. Sales of headend, node and distribution
equipment have contributed significantly to our growth in recent years
as a result of our ability to meet the needs of CATV equipment vendors
who have begun to outsource both the design and manufacture of this
equipment. While these equipment vendors have relied upon third parties
to assemble products for some time, only recently have they started to
shift the design of equipment to other parties due in part to the
sophisticated engineering expertise needed to perform this work. We
believe that our extensive high-speed optical, mixed-signal
semiconductor and mechanical engineering capabilities position us well
to benefit from it.

69

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Our vertically integrated manufacturing model provides us
several advantages, including rapid product development, fast response
times to customer requests and better control over product quality and
manufacturing costs. We design, manufacture and integrate our own analog
and digital lasers using a proprietary MBE fabrication process, which we
believe is unique in our industry. We manufacture the majority of the
laser chips and optical components that are used in our products. The
lasers we manufacture are proven to be reliable over time and highly
tolerant of changes in temperature and humidity, making them well-suited
to the CATV and FTTH markets where networking equipment is often
installed outdoors. We believe the superior performance of our lasers is
evidenced by our leading share of lasers installed in CATV networks
today.

        We are based in Sugar Land, Texas, where we design and fabricate
our lasers, and conduct most of our research and development efforts. At
our facilities in Ningbo, China, and Taipei, Taiwan, we complete the
assembly of our lasers and photodiodes and also design and assemble our
module and equipment products, utilizing a combination of advanced
automation and skilled labor. In addition to our global sales team in
the U.S., we also have regional sales teams located in China and Taiwan.

        In 2013, our revenue was $78.4 million and our gross margin was
29.4%. We have grown our annual revenue at a CAGR of 33.1% between 2009
and 2013. In the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012, and 2013, we
incurred losses of $5.3 million, $0.9 million, and $1.4 million,
respectively, and our accumulated deficit at December 31, 2012 and
December 31, 2013 was $81.9 million and $83.3 million, respectively.

**Industry Background**

        Our three target markets of CATV, FTTH and internet data centers
share a common trend of a significant growth in bandwidth consumption,
and the corresponding need for network infrastructure improvement to
support it. Within the CATV and FTTH markets, the speed of a broadband
connection determines the types and quality of services that can be
offered, and competitive pressure among service providers is spurring
ever faster broadband connectivity. According to the Akamai State of the
Internet report for the third quarter of 2013, the number of 10 megabit
or faster broadband connections in the U.S. rose 82% year-over-year.
Akamai reported that, globally, the average connection speed increased
29% over the prior year, including growth in all of the top 10
countries.

        Government encouragement and sponsorship of enhanced broadband
service is contributing to investment in access networks. For instance,
in January 2013, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission announced
the "Gigabit City Challenge," setting a goal of at least one community
per state with 1 gigabit per second broadband by 2015. Similarly,
according to Infonetics, China's State Agency for Radio, Film, and
Television (SARFT) announced a $30 billion Next Generation Broadband
(NGB) stimulus program in 2009 to support the construction of critical
networking infrastructure and promote the delivery of enhanced voice,
video and data services between 2009 and 2015.

        The commercial opportunity to provide ultra-high speed broadband
services is also attracting private sector interest. For example, in
2010 Google announced plans to build a network, known as Google Fiber,
to deliver up to 1 gigabit per second service to residences,
approximately 100 times faster than the current average peak rate in the
U.S. The network became operative late in 2012 in Kansas City. Google
has announced that they plan to begin deploying Google Fiber in Austin,
Texas in 2014 and it is in discussions with government officials in
34 additional cities to expand Google Fiber in these communities. We are
not aware of our products currently being used in the Kansas City
network and Google has not publicly

70

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

announced the technology or the vendors it is using for the other
cities. To deliver this dramatically greater bandwidth, Google is
utilizing very advanced optical networking technology. The Google Fiber
network demonstrates the ability to deliver dramatically more bandwidth
to an end user, and may prompt traditional network service providers to
accelerate investment in advanced optical networking solutions.

        Based upon data prepared by Ovum, we estimate that our
addressable segments of the CATV, FTTH and internet data center markets
represented an annual revenue opportunity of $2.2 billion in 2012.

*Trends in the CATV Market*

        CATV service providers have been upgrading their hybrid fiber
coaxial networks, which use a combination of optical fiber and coaxial
cable, to support high speed, two-way communications. According to a
2013 Infonetics report, CATV service providers have spent approximately
$40 billion from 2008 through 2012 on upgrades and extensions to their
networking infrastructure, including $24 billion spent in North America.
Broadcast video services remain the primary offering for CATV service
providers, who compete in part on the breadth of high definition, or HD,
TV content and on-demand programming they offer. CATV network operators
can leverage an upgraded network to deliver additional services such as
enhanced voice and broadband connectivity. Enhanced broadcast video and
data connectivity services have had a profound effect on CATV network
architecture, as they require substantially greater bandwidth to a home
(the "forward path"), and two-way communications (introducing a "return
path" from the home). In a 2013 report, Infonetics estimated that
53 million broadband subscribers in North America, or 54% of total North
American broadband subscribers, received their service through a CATV
network at the end of 2012.

        Outside of the U.S., the opportunity for CATV growth is
significant. For instance, China's installed cable infrastructure is
significantly larger than that of the U.S., with over 200 million cable
television subscribers. Nearly half of China's cable television
subscribers are served by relatively low capacity, one-way cable
networks today, and China has implemented a government stimulus program
to upgrade broadband infrastructure. As a result, we believe that the
Chinese CATV service providers will invest significantly in coming
years.

        Consolidation among CATV equipment companies has continued in
recent years (including the recent announcement by Comcast that it will
acquire Time Warner), putting pressure on the largest companies to
streamline their operations, improve profitability and focus their
resources. In response, many of these CATV equipment companies have
begun to outsource not only the manufacturing of equipment, but more
important to us, they have begun to outsource the system design function
as well. Outsourcing of system design is significantly more challenging
than simply shifting the assembly of equipment to a third party
manufacturer. The complex interworking of optical, radio frequency and
electrical technologies, as well as the physical challenges imposed by
the harsh and unregulated conditions in which the CATV equipment is
installed, requires deep technical knowledge of high-speed optical,
mixed-signal semiconductor and mechanical engineering. Field failure of
equipment is costly and problematic for CATV network operators, so they
expect equipment providers to provide extremely reliable and durable
solutions. As a result, the decision by a major CATV equipment company
to outsource design and manufacture to a third party is made carefully,
and once an outsourced design partner is selected, CATV equipment
companies are typically very reluctant to change vendors. Moreover, once
the design function is outsourced to a third party, the reallocation of
internal resources previously performing that function makes it
difficult for the equipment company to return to internally designing
equipment.

71

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Based upon data prepared by Ovum, we estimate that our
addressable segment of the CATV market represented an annual revenue
opportunity of $850 million in 2012.

*Trends in the FTTH Market*

        The FTTH market generally refers to the Passive Optical
Networks, or PONs, that telecommunications service providers are
deploying. PONs take their name from the use of passive splitters to
divide the optical signal provided to each residential user over a
shared fiber-optic cable from a service provider's central office. The
equipment in the service provider's central office is called an optical
line terminal, or OLT, and the equipment at the end user is an optical
network unit, or ONU. A PON supports significantly greater bandwidth
than does the legacy copper wire network, although the connection speed
to a user (the "downstream" speed) is higher than the connection speed
from the user (the "upstream" speed). In the U.S., Verizon's FIOS
service and AT&T's uVerse offering are examples of PON deployments, and
PONs have been widely deployed in Japan, Korea and selected cities in
Europe as well. According to a 2013 Infonetics report, worldwide FTTH
subscribers are expected to grow from 57 million in 2012 to 149 million
in 2017, representing a CAGR of 21%, with the growth of higher speed
FTTH connections among those subscribers being greater than the overall
growth of FTTH connectivity.

        Over time, the technology used in PONs has evolved to meet the
increased bandwidth demand from users. At present, the most commonly
deployed PON technology is GPON, or Gigabit PON, which delivers up to
2.5 gigabits per second of data downstream, split among subscribers, and
1.5 gigabits per second upstream. Due to the splitting of the bandwidth
among multiple users—often as many as 32—the actual bandwidth delivered
to an individual subscriber is far less than the 2.5 gigabits per second
supported by the GPON equipment. To deliver more bandwidth to a
subscriber, a service provider can reduce the split ratio or change the
PON technology. Reducing the number of subscribers supported by a single
OLT may be less expensive for modest, incremental upgrades, but may not
be the most economical solution to deliver the significant increases in
bandwidth needed to support 1 gigabit per second service to the home, as
encouraged by the FCC's Gigabit Challenge.

        One approach that does support 1 gigabit per second service to
the home connection is WDM-PON, or wavelength division multiplexing PON.
Well-proven in other areas of the network for decades, WDM technology
enables the transmission of multiple wavelengths of data over a single
fiber-optic strand, thus significantly increasing the bandwidth of the
physical fiber connection. Due to this significant increase in bandwidth
supported with WDM-PON, the cost per bit delivered to a subscriber is
lower than that for GPON—at faster connection speeds. In addition to
providing more bandwidth, WDM-PON offers a subscriber superior privacy
and the service provider better scalability because each subscriber has
a dedicated wavelength rather than a shared one.

        Based upon data prepared by Ovum, we estimate that our
addressable segment of the FTTH market represented an annual revenue
opportunity of $704 million in 2012.

*Trends in the Internet Data Center Market*

        An internet data center is structured in a layered format, with
rows of servers within multiple racks, and each server and rack
connecting through a switch. These rack switches then connect to each
other, and ultimately to the service provider's network. The connections
between these top-of-rack switches, and to the service provider's
network, are increasingly done with higher-capacity optical networking
technology. Legacy copper cables can carry signals at distances adequate
to meet most needs within an enterprise or internet data center at
speeds up

72

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

to about 1 gigabit per second. However, at speeds of 10 gigabits per
second and above, the signals sent over copper cables experience
increasing attenuation and dispersion over distances common in large
internet data center environments, making copper much less effective as
a transmission medium. According to a 2013 Infonetics report, 10 gigabit
ethernet enterprise port shipments in 2012 were 14.7 million and are
projected to grow to 109.4 million in 2017, representing a 49.3% CAGR.

        In recent years, a number of leading internet companies have
begun to adopt more open internet data center architectures, using a mix
of systems and components from a variety of vendors, and in some cases
designing their own equipment. For companies that are adopting open
internet data center architectures, compatibility of new networking
equipment with legacy infrastructure is not as important, and as a
consequence, these companies are more willing to work with
non-traditional equipment vendors. Non-traditional equipment vendors
generally permit companies to source optical modules from any vendor,
thus creating an open and growing opportunity for optical device
vendors.

        Based upon data prepared by research firm Ovum, we estimate that
our addressable segment of the internet data center market represented
an annual revenue opportunity of $638 million in 2012.

**Key Challenges in Our Markets**

        The key challenges that we experience in our markets include:

•  
***Continuous pressure for innovation.***  To enhance their
competitiveness and improve the financial returns on their
infrastructure investments, CATV and FTTH network operators seek to
regularly introduce new service offerings, increase the bandwidth
provided to each user and reduce their operating costs. These operators
work with their equipment and optical device suppliers to develop
innovative technology that enables desired enhancements. Within the
internet data center market, industry-leading technology companies are
internally designing and developing internet data centers to deliver
cloud-based solutions. These companies are, in many cases, working with
third parties to design custom data-center equipment to improve their
internet data center performance and differentiate their services from
other vendors.  
  

•  
***Demand for highly integrated solutions.***  CATV and FTTH network
operators are seeking integrated and customized solutions that meet
specific design and performance requirements. Furthermore, network
equipment manufacturers are seeking to simplify their supply chains and
lower their costs by working with optical device vendors who can provide
a broad range of products, including integrated modules and subsystems
rather than simply supplying discrete optical components.  
  

•  
***Need for reliable performance in harsh and demanding
environments.***  Unlike optical devices deployed in the long haul and
metro segments of the telecom network, optical devices deployed in CATV
and FTTH networks are typically installed outdoors, and occasionally in
remote locations. As a result, these devices are subject to a wide range
of temperatures and highly variable environmental conditions, and
maintenance can be difficult. As a result of the difficulties associated
with outdoor deployment, product quality and reliability are
essential.  
  

•  
***Demand for production of high-quality devices in large
volumes.***  Due to the high number of optical devices deployed in CATV
and FTTH networks as well as in internet

73

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
***Need for mixed signal communications expertise.***  As CATV network
operators continue to shift from primarily broadcast-video content
providers to data-connectivity providers, the networks they utilize to
offer these services are evolving. For example, many newer networks are
being designed with digital return-path capabilities. In this type of
network, signals traveling from the cable office headend to the user
residence, including digital video and data services, continue to be
transported as analog signals, whereas signals traveling in the opposite
direction, from the residence to the cable office headend, may now be
carried as digital signals. This combination of analog and digital
signaling creates unique challenges, which require high-performance
networking equipment and optical technology.

**Our Solutions**

        We are a leading, vertically integrated provider of fiber-optic
networking products. We are primarily focused on the higher-performance
segments within the CATV, FTTH and internet data center markets which
increasingly demand faster connectivity and new technologies. Our
products include a broad range of optical communications-based products
at varying levels of integration from components to complete turn-key
systems that we design and manufacture for leading networking equipment
companies. The key benefits of our products include:

•  
***Enable customers to deliver innovative products.***  We leverage our
deep expertise in high-speed optical, mixed-signal semiconductor and
mechanical engineering and our proprietary MBE laser fabrication process
to deliver technologically advanced products to our customers. Our
solutions enable our customers to offer a wide variety of innovative
products that meet their desired performance needs and cost
requirements. Similar to other competitors who have a
vertically-integrated structure, our comprehensive manufacturing
capabilities give us significant time-to-market advantages as well as
the flexibility and agility to respond to changing customer needs.  
  

•  
***Enhance efficiency and cost effectiveness of our customers' supply
chain.***  We design and sell products at the level of integration
desired by a customer, from components to turn-key equipment providing
our customers a more dependable, cost-effective and simplified supply
chain. By leveraging our vertical integration, proprietary expertise and
our broad range of products, we can often design and manufacture new
solutions rapidly and cost-effectively for our customers. For example,
our integration capabilities have enabled us to benefit from the trend
of outsourced design and manufacturing among CATV equipment vendors.  
  

•  
***Deliver high quality, reliable products in high volume.***  As a
vertically integrated supplier, we are able to monitor and maintain
quality control throughout the production process, using our internally
produced components where possible for our final products. By leveraging
this greater degree of control throughout the entire production process,
our proprietary MBE laser fabrication process and packaging technology,
and our extensive facilities, we are able to deliver high-quality,
highly-reliable and stable products in high volume.

74

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
***Provide sophisticated design solutions to our customers.***  We
believe our expertise in analog and digital optical engineering, as well
as radio frequency and high-speed electronics differentiates us from
many competitors, as other vendors tend to focus on a limited number of
these disciplines. Our mixed-signal expertise enables us to design
solutions that meet many of the different network architectures and
protocols used today. We offer our customers an advantage by providing
them a comprehensive solution.

**Our Strengths**

        Our key competitive strengths include the following:

•  
***Industry-leading position in the CATV market.***  We are the leading
provider of optical components and the second largest provider of
subsystems to the CATV market, according to Ovum. In 2013, our products
were used by the three largest CATV OEMs, consisting of Cisco Systems,
Inc., Arris Group Inc. (which acquired the Motorola Home Business
in 2013) and Aurora Networks (which acquired the Harmonic optical
business in 2013 and was subsequently itself acquired by Pace plc).
These OEMs are extremely demanding on their suppliers with respect to
product performance, reliability, cost and vendor service level. We
believe these customer relationships benefit us with other customers who
view our selection by these leading OEMs as validation of our expertise
and product excellence.  
  

•  
***Proprietary technological expertise and track record of
innovation.***  We continue to develop innovative products as evidenced
by our design wins since the beginning of 2010. We believe our
proprietary laser manufacturing, or MBE process, allows us to produce
more reliable and cost-effective solutions than our competitors who
typically employ MOCVD processes. We own fundamental intellectual
property in MBE technology and other laser design and manufacturing
processes. We had 113 U.S. and foreign issued patents as of
December 31, 2013. In addition we have amassed substantial
manufacturing, process, design and testing domain expertise that we
retain as documented trade secrets.  
  

•  
***Highly customized products.***  Most of our products have some level
of customization, and in some cases our product is the only one that can
meet our customers' specifications. These factors make it more difficult
for our customers to rapidly switch to another supplier, and, we
believe, contribute to longer product lifecycles and more stable product
pricing relative to the pricing trends experienced in many
telecommunications optical component categories.  
  

•  
***Proven system design capabilities.***  Our customers rely on us to
design their customized, complex and integrated equipment due to our
deep expertise in high-speed optical, mixed-signal semiconductor and
mechanical engineering. As a result of these capabilities, we believe
that we are well positioned to take advantage of the continuing shift to
outsourced design and manufacturing among CATV equipment vendors.  
  

•  
***Vertically integrated, geographically distributed manufacturing
model.***  Our vertically integrated design and manufacturing process
encompasses all steps from laser wafer design and fabrication to
complete optical system design and assembly. Furthermore, we have
geographically distributed our manufacturing model by strategically
locating our operations in the U.S., China and Taiwan to reduce
development time and production costs and to help protect our
intellectual property. Our comprehensive capabilities allow us to offer
our customers a dependable supply of quality optical components, modules

75

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Our Strategy**

        We seek to be the leading global provider of optical components,
modules and equipment designed for each of our three target markets,
CATV, FTTH and internet data centers. All of our target markets are
growing due to the increasing demand for bandwidth, but each of our
markets is also being driven by independent factors. As a result, our
overall growth is not dependent upon a single market or a single trend.
Our strategy includes the following key elements:

•  
***Extend our leadership in CATV networking.***  We intend to maintain
our position as the leading producer of optical components used in CATV
networks, and to capture an increasing share of the CATV equipment
market as the major equipment vendors continue to outsource the design
and manufacturing of such products. We believe that our comprehensive
design expertise, proven ability to handle increased system-level
responsibility and vertically integrated manufacturing model position us
well to capture a meaningful share of this opportunity.  
  

•  
***Continue to penetrate the FTTH market.***  We believe our WDM-PON
technology is a cost-effective solution for delivering substantially
greater bandwidth to a residence. As the residential access market
migrates to higher bandwidth connections, we expect that our solutions
will become increasingly attractive. Moreover, we are expanding our
product offerings for the FTTH market to increase the portion of the
market we can address. Our initial WDM-PON products addressed the
network operator side of the link between residences and the network
operator, and we have recently introduced solutions for the customer
premise side of the link.  
  

•  
***Continue to penetrate the internet data center market.***  To date,
we have targeted internet data center operators directly, particularly
those who have adopted an open system architecture in which the optical
connectivity solutions can be provided by a different vendor than the
vendor which provides their servers and switches. We believe this
segment of the market will grow meaningfully in coming years, and that
we are well positioned to capture this business as an independent optics
vendor. Additionally, we are expanding our sales efforts to leading
network equipment vendors who sell into the internet data center as well
as large scale enterprise markets.  
  

•  
***Continue to invest in our capabilities and
infrastructure.***  Product and process innovations have been important
elements in our growth and commercial success. For instance, our leading
position in the CATV market is a result of our research and development
efforts to address the need for climate-tolerant, low-cost and highly
reliable lasers, components and equipment. We believe our vertically
integrated manufacturing model and our ability to design and manufacture
the fundamental optical devices that are deployed throughout a network
give us a significant competitive advantage. We intend to continue to
invest in new products, new technology and our production infrastructure
and facilities to maintain and strengthen our competitive position.

76

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
***Selectively pursue other opportunities that leverage our existing
expertise.***  The proven performance of our lasers in harsh climate
conditions and our expertise in designing and manufacturing outdoor
plant equipment for the CATV industry provide us an advantage in
pursuing applications that are also characterized by having varying and
demanding environments. We have sold and plan to continue to sell
products into the telecom networking market, such as for wireless and
wireline telecom infrastructure. We have also selectively sold products
into the industrial robotics, aerospace and defense, and oil and gas
exploration markets. We will continue to seek ways to capitalize on our
research and development investments and leverage our high-speed
optical, mixed-signal semiconductor and mechanical engineering expertise
in these and other markets.  
  

•  
***Pursue complementary acquisition and strategic alliance
opportunities.***  While we prefer to use our components whenever
possible, we will evaluate and selectively pursue acquisition
opportunities or strategic alliances that we believe will enhance or
complement our current product offerings, augment our technology
roadmap, or diversify our revenue base.

**Technology**

        We believe that we have technology leadership in four key areas:
semiconductor laser manufacturing, electronic technologies that enhance
the performance of our lasers, optical hybrid integration and
mixed-signal semiconductor design.

•  
***Differentiated semiconductor laser manufacturing.***  We use a MBE
fabrication process to make our lasers, rather than MOCVD, the technique
most commonly used in optical chip manufacturing by traditional
communications optics vendors. Among the differentiators of MBE relative
to MOCVD fabrication are a lower process temperature and the use of
solid phase materials rather than gaseous sources to grow wafers and the
growth of more highly strained crystals. These factors contribute to
longer operating lives of our lasers, improved laser efficiency and
threshold current, among other performance attributes that make them
well-suited to our target markets. While we believe that these
advantages of MBE are important, MBE does have disadvantages including
the inability to use certain dopant materials (for example Iron),
difficulty in certain types of regrowth, and the necessity to maintain
complex ultra-high vacuum equipment. As a result of some of these
challenges, production yields, and the performance attributes of laser
devices, are highly variable and optimizing these characteristics
requires numerous enhancements and modifications to standard MBE
equipment and the MBE process. To our knowledge, we are unique in using
an MBE process to produce communications lasers in high volume, and
believe it would be difficult, and time-consuming, for other vendors to
replicate our production technology.  
  

•  
***Laser enhancement technology.***  Certain properties of the
semiconductor lasers predominantly used in traditional communications
devices, such as chirp and wavelength drift, negatively affect their
ability to transmit signals over long fiber distances or prevent them
from transmitting signals with acceptable fidelity in certain
applications. We have developed laser enhancement circuitry that can
correct many of these deficiencies. We believe that our technology will
become more essential with wider deployment of higher capacity CATV and
FTTH systems, which place more stringent demands on laser performance.  
  

•  
***Optical hybrid-integration technology.***  Reducing the size, power
consumption and complexity of optical devices is essential for achieving
the price and performance targets

77

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
***Mixed-signal design.***  As CATV providers continue to evolve from
primarily broadcast-video content providers to a mixture of HD video
content together with data-connectivity providers, the networks they
utilize to offer these services must evolve as well. Older analog
networks are giving way to hybrid networks that incorporate both analog
and digital signals. For example, many newer networks are being designed
with "digital return-path" capabilities. In this type of network,
signals traveling from the headend to the residence are transported as
analog signals, whereas signals traveling in the opposite direction
(that is, originating at the residence and being transmitted towards the
headend) are carried as digital signals. This combination of analog and
digital signaling creates unique design challenges. Our engineers have
many years of experience in developing equipment, modules and components
that are well suited to these sorts of mixed-signal architectures. We
believe that having deep experience in both digital and analog signaling
allows us to offer superior solutions to our customers, compared with
companies who have expertise in only one of these signal types.

**Our Products**

        Our products include an array of optical communications
solutions at varying levels of integration. We begin from the
fundamental building blocks of lasers and laser components. From these
foundational products, we design and manufacture a wide range of
products from optical modules to complete turn-key equipment. We design
our products to target customers in our identified markets to meet their
needs and specifications.

78

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Our components often incorporate one or more of our optical
laser chips inside a precision housing that provides mechanical
protection as well as standardized electrical contacts. More complex
optical components may also include optical filters (for example, for
use in WDM) or other optical elements by which optical signals are
routed internally within the component. These more advanced components
may also include coolers, heaters and sensors that allow the temperature
of the laser chip to be measured and controlled. We manufacture the
majority of the laser chips and optical components that are used in our
own products.

        At the next level of integration, our module or sub-assembly
products typically contain one or more of our optical components and
some additional control circuitry. Examples of modules include our
transceiver line primarily used in internet data center markets and FTTH
markets.

        At the highest level of integration and complexity, our
equipment products typically contain one or more optical components,
modules and additional electronic control circuitry required to enable
these subsystems to operate independently. For example, our CATV
transmitter equipment requires utilization of our optical components and
assembly onto a circuit board and to an external housing. Examples of
equipment include our CATV transmitter and CATV nodes.

        Our products mainly differ from each other by their end market,
intended use and level of integration. We have over 10,600 product
stock-keeping units, or SKUs, including approximately 4,600 component
product SKUs, approximately 3,500 module product SKUs and approximately
2,600 equipment product SKUs. The following tables provide a view of our
some of our various components, modules and equipment grouped by the
markets they serve.

**Selected CATV Products**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

79

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

80

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Selected FTTH Products**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

**Selected Internet Data Center Products**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

81

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

**Intellectual Property**

        We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and
trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality and licensing
arrangements, to establish and protect our intellectual property. We
employ various methods to protect these intellectual property rights,
including maintaining a technological infrastructure with significant
security measures, limiting disclosure and restricting access to only
those individuals with an operational need for such information, and
having employees, consultants and suppliers execute confidentiality
agreements with us. While we expect our intellectual property to provide
competitive advantages, we also find meaningful value from unpatented
proprietary process knowledge, know-how and trade secrets.

*Patents*

        As of December 31, 2013, we owned a total of 113 U.S. and
foreign issued patents, 58 of which were issued in the U.S. and 55 of
which were issued in China and Taiwan. Our issued patents will expire
between 2018 and 2028.

        Our portfolio of patents and patent applications covers several
different technology families including:

•  
laser structure and design;  
  

•  
optical signal conditioning and laser control;  
  

•  
laser fabrication;  
  

•  
photodiode and optical receiver design and fabrication;  
  

•  
optical device and module designs;  
  

•  
optical device packaging equipment and techniques; and  
  

•  
optical network enhancements.

82

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

*Trademarks*

        We have registered the trademarks APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS, INC.,
AOI and our logo with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on the
Principal Register. These marks are also registered in, or have
applications for registration pending in, various foreign trademark
offices. A U.S. trademark registration is also pending for the mark
"AAOI."

**Research and Development**

        To maintain our growth and competitiveness, we engage in an
active research and development program to develop new products and
enhance existing products. As a result of these efforts, we anticipate
releasing various new or enhanced products over the next several years.
Our research and development expenses were approximately $6.5 million,
$7.6 million, and $8.5 million for the years 2011, 2012 and 2013,
respectively.

        As of December 31, 2013, we had a total of 142 employees working
in the R&D department, including 12 with Ph.D. degrees. We continue to
recruit talented engineers to further enhance our research and
development capabilities. We have research and development departments
in our facilities in Texas, China and Taiwan. Our research and
development teams collaborate on joint projects, and by co-locating with
our manufacturing operations enable us to achieve an efficient cost
structure and improve our time to market.

        A key factor in our research and development success is our
highly collaborative process for new product development. Particularly
in our equipment and module businesses, we often collaborate very
closely with our customers from a very early stage in product
development. By purposefully fostering this close collaboration, we
believe that we can more rapidly develop leading solutions meeting the
needs of our customers.

**Manufacturing and Operations**

        We have three manufacturing sites: Sugar Land, Texas, Ningbo,
China and Taipei, Taiwan. Our research and development functions are
partnered with our manufacturing locations. In our U.S. facility, we
manufacture laser chips (utilizing our MBE process), sub-assemblies and
components. The sub-assemblies are used in the manufacture of components
by our other manufacturing facilities or sold to third parties as
modules. We manufacture our laser chips only within our U.S. facility,
where our laser design team is located. In our Taiwan location, we
manufacture optical components, such as our butterfly lasers, which
incorporate laser chips, sub-assemblies and components manufactured
within our U.S. facility. In addition, in our Taiwan location, we
manufacture transceivers for the FTTH, internet data center and other
markets. In our China facility we take advantage of lower labor costs
and manufacture certain more labor intensive components and optical
equipment systems, such as CATV transmitters (at the headend) and CATV
outdoor equipment (at the node). Each facility conducts testing on the
components, modules or subsystems it manufactures and each facility is
certified to ISO 9001:2000.

        Our products are sold to our customers worldwide and also supply
our internal component needs for the transceivers and equipment we
manufacture. With a vertically integrated manufacturing process, we
produce many of our own laser chips and other parts required to
manufacture our optical components. Through this model, we are able to
reduce development time and product costs as well as enhance quality
control. We incorporate our own components into our transceivers,
subsystems and equipment products wherever possible. In instances where

83

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

we do not produce components ourselves, we source them from external
suppliers and regularly evaluate these relationships in an attempt to
reduce risk and lower cost.

        We depend on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw
materials and components used in our products. We regularly review our
vendor relationships in an attempt to mitigate risks and lower costs,
especially where we depend on one or two vendors for critical components
or raw materials. While maintaining inventories that we believe are
sufficient to meet our near-term needs, we strive not to carry
significant inventories of raw materials. Accordingly, we maintain
ongoing communications with our vendors in order to help prevent any
interruptions in supply, and have implemented a supply-chain management
program to maintain quality and lower purchase prices through
standardized purchasing efficiencies and design requirements. To date,
we generally have been able to obtain sufficient quantities of quality
supplies in a timely manner.

**Customers**

        Our customers are primarily CATV and telecommunications
equipment manufacturers, internet service providers and internet data
center operators. We generally employ a direct sales model in North
America and in the rest of the world we use both direct and indirect
sales channels. In 2011, 2012, and 2013 we obtained 84.3%, 85.4% and
88.4% of our revenue, respectively, through our direct sales efforts and
the remainder of our revenue through our indirect sales channels. Our
sales channel partners provide logistical services and day-to-day
customer support. Where we sell through an indirect sales channel, we
work with the end customer to establish technological specifications for
our products. Our equipment customers typically offer our equipment
under their brand-name and our equipment is often customized with unique
design or performance criteria by each of these customers. We also from
time to time offer design or manufacturing services to customers to
assist them in more effectively using our products and realizing
time-to-market advantages.

        In 2013, our products were used by the three largest CATV OEMs,
consisting of Cisco Systems, Inc., Arris Group Inc. (which acquired the
Motorola Home Business in 2013) and Aurora Networks (a subsidiary of
Pace plc (which acquired the Harmonic optical business in 2013) and was
subsequently itself acquired by Pace plc). The two customers that
contributed most to our revenue in the FTTH market in 2013 were
Genexis B.V. and a leading internet service provider. In 2013, our key
customers in the internet data center market included Amazon and
Microsoft. In 2013, revenue from the CATV market, data center market,
FTTH market and other markets provided 60.4%, 24.7% and 5.6%, and 9.3%
of our revenue, respectively, compared to 78.6%, 8.3%, 5.8% and 7.3%,
respectively in 2012.

        We support our sales efforts by attendance at industry trade
shows, technical conferences, advertising in various trade journals and
magazines and other promotional efforts. These efforts are aimed at
attracting new customers and enhancing our existing customer
relationships.

**Backlog**

        We generally make sales pursuant to short-term purchase orders
without deposits and subject to rescheduling, revision or cancellation
on short notice. We accordingly believe that purchase orders are not an
accurate indicator of our future sales and any backlog of purchase
orders is not a reliable indicator of our future revenue.

84

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Competition**

        The optical networking market is intensely competitive. Because
of the broad nature of our product offerings, we do not believe that we
face a single major competitor across all of our markets. We do,
however, experience intense competition in each product area from a
number of manufacturers and we anticipate that competition will
increase. Our major competitors in one or more of our markets include
Avago, Inc., EMCORE Corporation, Finisar Corporation, JDS Uniphase
Corporation, Mitsubishi, NeoPhotonics Corporation, Oclaro, Inc. and
Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd.

        Many of our competitors are larger than we are and have
significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources. In
addition, several of our competitors have large market capitalizations
or cash reserves and are much better positioned to acquire other
companies to gain new technologies or products that may displace our
products. Network equipment providers, who are our customers, and
network service providers, who are supplied by our customers, may decide
to manufacture the optical subsystems incorporated into their network
systems in-house. We also encounter potential customers that, because of
existing relationships, are committed to the products offered by these
competitors.

        We believe the principal competitive factors in our target
markets include the following:

•  
use of internally manufactured components;  
  

•  
product breadth and functionality;  
  

•  
timing and pace of new product development;  
  

•  
breadth of customer base;  
  

•  
technological expertise;  
  

•  
reliability of products;  
  

•  
product pricing; and  
  

•  
manufacturing efficiency.

        We believe that we compete favorably with respect to the above
factors based on our MBE processes, our vertically integrated model, the
performance and reliability of our product offerings and the compelling
value we offer to our customers.

**Employees**

        As of December 31, 2013, we employed 1,146 full-time employees,
of which 26 held Ph.D. degrees in a science or engineering field. Of our
employees, 229 are located in the U.S., 644 are in China, and 273 are in
Taiwan. None of our employees are represented by any collective
bargaining agreement, but certain employees of our China subsidiary are
members of a trade union. We have never suffered any work stoppage and
believe that we have satisfactory relations with our employees.

85

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Facilities**

        We maintain manufacturing, research and development, sales and
administrative offices in the U.S., China and Taiwan. Our corporate
headquarters is located at our facility in Sugar Land, Texas. The table
below provides information regarding our facilities.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(1\)  
The property is subject to a mortgage in favor of East West Bank,
securing our short-term debt obligations.  
  

\(2\)  
Our China subsidiary acquired the land use rights to the real property
on which our new facility is located from the Chinese government. The
land use rights expire on October 7, 2054. Our China subsidiary owns the
facility located on the property.  
  

\(3\)  
Leases covering four floors expire on March 31, 2015.

</div>

        In 2013, we expanded the amount of square footage utilized by
our Taiwan facility, adding a fourth floor to our then existing lease
space. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our
needs in 2014, and that we will be able to obtain additional commercial
space as needed. To meet planned growth in 2015, we plan in late 2014 to
investigate expansion of our laser fabrication facilities in Sugar Land,
Texas, and expansion of our transceiver manufacturing facilities in
Taipei, Taiwan.

**Environmental Matters**

        Our research and development and manufacturing operations and
our products are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and
foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including
those governing discharges of pollutants to air and water, the use,
storage, handling and disposal of hazardous materials, employee health
and safety, and the hazardous material content in our products. Our
environmental management systems in our facilities in Ningbo and Taipei
are both certified to meet the requirements of ISO14001:2004. However,
there can be no assurance that violations of applicable laws at any of
our facilities will not occur in the future as a result of human error,
accident, equipment failure or other causes. We use, store and dispose
of hazardous materials in our manufacturing operations and hazardous
materials are present in our products. We incur costs to comply with
environmental, health and safety requirements, and any failure to
comply, or the identification of contamination for which we are found
liable, could cause us to incur substantial costs, including cleanup
costs, monetary fines, or civil or criminal penalties, and subject us to
property damage and personal injury claims, and result in the suspension
of production, alteration of our manufacturing processes, redesign of
our products, or curtailment of sales and adverse publicity. Liability
under environmental, health and safety laws can be joint and several and
without regard to fault or negligence. For example, pursuant to
environmental laws and regulations, including but not limited to the
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act, or
CERCLA, we may be liable for the full amount of any remediation-related
costs at properties we currently own or formerly owned,

86

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

such as our currently owned Sugar Land, Texas facility, or at properties
at which we operated, as well as at properties we will own or operate in
the future, and properties to which we have sent hazardous substances,
whether or not we caused the contamination.

        We expect that our operations and products will be affected by
new environmental requirements on an ongoing basis. Environmental,
health and safety requirements have become more stringent over time, and
changes to existing requirements could restrict our ability to expand
our facilities, require us to acquire costly pollution control
equipment, or cause us to incur other significant expenses or to modify
our manufacturing processes or the hazardous material content of our
products. Identification of presently unidentified environmental
conditions, more vigorous enforcement by a governmental authority,
enactment of more stringent legal requirements or other unanticipated
events could give rise to adverse publicity, restrict our operations,
affect the design or marketability of our products or otherwise cause us
to incur material environmental costs.

        We face increasing complexity in our product design and
procurement operations as we adjust to new and upcoming requirements
relating to the materials composition of our products. Some
jurisdictions in which our products are sold have enacted requirements
regarding the hazardous material content of certain products. For
example, member states of the European Union and China are among a
growing number of jurisdictions that have placed restrictions on the use
of lead, among other chemicals, in electronic products, which affect the
composition and packaging of our products. The passage of such
requirements in additional jurisdictions, or the tightening of standards
or elimination of certain exemptions in jurisdictions where our products
are already subject to such requirements, could cause us to incur
significant expenditures to make our products compliant with new
requirements, or could limit the markets into which we may sell our
products. Other governmental regulations may require us to reengineer
our products to use components that are more environmentally compatible,
resulting in additional costs to us.

**Export Regulations**

        The Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) of the U.S. Department
of Commerce is responsible for regulating the export of most commercial
items that are so called dual-use goods that may have both commercial
and military applications. A limited number of our products are exported
by license under the Export Control Classification Number, or ECCN, of
5A991. Export Control Classification requirements are dependent upon an
item's technical characteristics, the destination, the end-use, and the
end-user, and other activities of the end-user. Should the ECCN change,
then the export of our products to certain countries would be
restricted. However, we currently do not export our products to any
countries on the restricted list, and therefore a change in the ECCN
would not materially impact our business.

**Legal Proceedings**

        We anticipate that we will from time to time be subject to
various claims and legal actions during the ordinary course of our
business. We are not aware of any material claims or legal actions to
which we, our properties or our officers or directors are subject.

87

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**MANAGEMENT  
**

**Executive Officers and Directors**

        The following table sets forth certain information regarding our
executive officers and directors as of February 28, 2014.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(1\)  
Member of the compensation committee.  
  

\(2\)  
Member of the audit committee.  
  

\(3\)  
Member of the nominating and corporate governance committee.

</div>

        ***Chih-Hsiang (Thompson) Lin, Ph.D.***, founded Applied
Optoelectronics, Inc. in February 1997 and has been President and Chief
Executive Officer since our inception. He currently serves as the
Chairman of our board of directors, a position he has held since January
2014. He has served as a director on our board of directors since 1997,
and he served as Chairman of our board of directors from May 2000
through September 2002, and again from June 2008 through October 2009.
Dr. Lin has also served as a research associate professor and senior
research scientist at the University of Houston. Dr. Lin holds a BS
degree in Nuclear Engineering from National Tsing Hua University in
Taiwan and an MS degree and a Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer
Engineering from University of Missouri-Columbia.

        The board of directors believes that Dr. Lin is qualified to
serve as a director based on his extensive background in business
management, his role as founder, President and Chief Executive Officer
and his years of service on our board.

        ***James L. Dunn, Jr.***, has served as our Chief Financial
Officer since December 2012. Prior to joining us, Mr. Dunn served as the
Chief Financial Officer of GET Enterprises, LLC, a private

88

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

equity backed distributor of restaurant tableware, from March to
December 2012. Mr. Dunn also served as Chief Financial Officer and
in-house counsel of Polymics, Ltd., a global manufacturer of high
temperature plastics, from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Dunn served as the Chief
Financial Officer and General Counsel of iLinc Communications, Inc.
(Amex:ILC), a provider of web conferencing software, from 1998 to 2009.
Mr. Dunn received a BBA in Accounting from Texas A&M University and a JD
from Southern Methodist University School of Law.

        ***Stefan J. Murry, Ph.D.***, has served as our Chief Strategy
Officer since December 2012. Previously, Dr. Murry served as our Vice
President of Sales and Marketing from June 2004 until December 2012, our
Director of Sales and Marketing from January 2000 to June 2004 and as a
Senior Engineer of Device Packaging from February 1997 to January 2000.
He also previously served as Research Associate and Mission Control
Specialist with the Space Vacuum Epitaxy Center in Houston, TX.
Dr. Murry has been issued multiple patents in the optoelectronics
industry, as well as in various related and complimentary industries.
Dr. Murry received BS and MS degrees in Physics and a Ph.D. in
Electrical Engineering from the University of Houston.

        ***Hung-Lun (Fred) Chang, Ph.D.***, has served as Senior Vice
President of our Optical Component Business Unit since October 2012.
Previously, Dr. Chang served as Vice President of our Optical Module
Division from March 2005 until October 2012, our Director of
Manufacturing from June 2002 to March 2004, and as our Deputy Packaging
Manager from April 2001 to May 2002. Dr. Chang has held numerous
positions in the optoelectronics industry throughout his career. His
most recent position prior to joining us was Deputy Manager of the
Optical Active Component Group at Hon-Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd.,
which is based in Taiwan. He was also a researcher and project manager
of the Optoelectronic Module Technology group at Chunghwa
Telecom Co., Ltd. from 1996 to 2000. Dr. Chang received a BS degree in
Electrophysics and a Ph.D. in Electro-Optical Engineering from National
Chiao Tung University in Taiwan.

        ***Klaus Alexander Anselm, Ph.D.***, has served as our Vice
President of Semiconductor Products since 2009. Previously, Dr. Anselm
served as our Senior Director of Semiconductor Products from October
2007 to 2009, as our Director of Semiconductor Products from 2004 until
September 2007, and as our Processing Department Manager from 1999 to
2004. Dr. Anselm received a BS degree in Electrical Engineering from
Rice University, and an MS degree and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering
from the University of Texas at Austin.

        ***Shu-Hua (Joshua) Yeh*** has served as Senior Vice President
of our Network Equipment Module Business Unit since November 2012.
Previously, Mr. Yeh served as our General Manager of our Video Equipment
Division of Global Technology Inc., our China subsidiary, since its
acquisition by us in March 2006 and had served as its President and
Chief Executive Officer from April 2002 until the acquisition. From May
1995 to April 2002, Mr. Yeh served as a Vice President of Sales and
Marketing of Twoway CATV Technology Inc. Mr. Yeh received a BS degree in
Mechanical Engineering and an MS in Automatic Control Science from
National Chung Shing University in Taiwan.

        ***Chung-Yao (Ford) Li*** has served as our Senior Vice
President since November 2011 and as our Asia General Manager since July
2011. From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Li served as a general manager in Shanghai,
China for Pegatron Corporation, an electronics and computing design and
manufacturing company. Mr. Li served in various operational management
capacities of Wistron Infocomm Corporation from 2005 until 2007. From
2002 to 2005, Mr. Li also served as an Assistant Vice President of
Quanta Computer Inc., in Shanghai, China. Mr. Li received an MS degree
in Engineering Manufacturing Management from University of South
Australia.

89

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        ***David C. Kuo*** has served as our General Counsel and Vice
President since August 2013 and as our Secretary since November 2012.
Previously, Mr. Kuo served as our Assistant General Counsel from May
2009 until August 2013, and as our Asia Legal Manager from January 2011
until August 2013. Mr. Kuo holds a JD from South Texas College of Law
and a BBA degree in Real Estate from Baylor University.

        ***William H. Yeh*** has served as a director on our board of
directors since May 2000. He is the current Chief Executive Officer and
President of Hungyeh Investment, Ltd., a hospitality real estate
investment and management company, a position he has held since 2000.
Mr. Yeh has also served as president of Gold Star Investment since 1997.
He was a Senior Vice President of United Central Bank overseeing the
Houston region and Vice Chairman of Central Bancorp, Inc. from 1997 to
2012. He is also currently a director of Central Bancorp, Inc., the
holding company of United Central Bank, a position which he has held
since 1997. Mr. Yeh received a BS degree from National Cheng Kung
University in Taiwan an MS degree from University of Houston—Clear Lake.

        The board of directors believes that Mr. Yeh is qualified to
serve as a director based on his business and financial management and
leadership experience and his years of service on our board.

        ***Richard B. Black*** has served as a director on our board of
directors since August 2001. He is the President and Chief Executive
Officer of ECRM, Incorporated, a worldwide supplier of laser based
imaging equipment, a position he has held since 2002, and has been the
chairman of the board of directors of ECRM, Incorporated since 1983.
Beginning in 1989, Mr. Black was a director of Oak Technology, Inc., a
manufacturer of semi-conductors for optical storage, and then became
President in 1998 and vice chairman of the board of directors in 1999
until its merger with Zoran, Inc. in 2003. Mr. Black has served as
President and CEO of AM International from 1980 to 1982. He served as a
Division President of Maremont Corporation, a manufacturer of auto parts
and textile machinery, from 1967, then as Maremont's President and CEO
from 1974 to 1979. When Maremont was acquired by Alusuisse in 1979, he
served as President and CEO of Alusuisse of America until 1981. He
served as a director and chairman of the audit committee of GSI Group, a
manufacturer of lasers, laser systems, semi-conductor equipment, from
1998 to 2012, and was its chairman of its board of directors from 2006
to 2012. He currently serves as a director and chairman of the audit
committee of Alliance Fiber Optics Products, Inc. (Nasdaq: AFOP), a
position he has held since 2002, and TREX Enterprises, Inc., a position
he has held since 2000. Mr. Black has served as trustee of the Institute
for Advanced Study at Princeton since 1990, and became its vice chairman
in 2006. He has served as a trustee of the American Indian College Fund,
Beloit College, Bard College, and serves on the Visiting Committee for
the Physical Sciences Division of the University of Chicago. Mr. Black
received a BS degree in Engineering from Texas A&M University, an MBA
from Harvard University and an honorary Ph.D. from Beloit College.

        The board of directors believes that Mr. Black is qualified to
serve as a director based on his extensive business and financial
management and leadership experience, and his service on other private
company and publicly-held boards of directors.

        ***Alan Moore*** has served as a director on our board of
directors since March 2013. Since 2007, Mr. Moore has served as a
Manager of Silver Tree Fund II Management, LLC, a real estate investment
fund, since 1999, he has served as the Treasurer of Silver Tree
Partners, Inc., a real estate development company, and since 1995, he
has served as the President of Red Oak Capital, a private equity
company. From May 2004 until December 2011, Mr. Moore served as a
Manager of Silver Tree Fund Management, LLC, also a real estate
investment fund, and from March 1998

90

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

to October 1999, Mr. Moore served as the Chief Financial Officer of
Window on WallStreet (sold to Trade Station Group, Inc. in 1999).
Previously, Mr. Moore was a co-founder of Fossil, Inc. (Nasdaq: FOSL).
Mr. Moore received an MS degree in Accounting and a BA degree in
Business Control Systems from the University of North Texas.

        The board of directors believes that Mr. Moore is qualified to
serve as a director based on his extensive background in business and
financial management and his role as co-founder of a publicly-held
company.

        ***Min-Chu (Mike) Chen, Ph.D.*** has served as a director on our
board of directors since February 2013. Since January 2013, Dr. Chen has
served as a member of the board of directors of Nanning Baota Biowin
Technologies Co. Ltd., a real estate management company; since January
2012, he has served as an executive director of FGel Nanotek, Inc., a
food and beverage additive company based on nanotechnology; since
November 2011, he has served as the Asia Pacific Director for U.S. Flow
Control Group Pte. Ltd., a petroleum equipment manufacturer and services
company; since 2003, he has served as a director of Seth
Nanotechnology Inc., a nanotechnology patent portfolio company owning
more than 10 patents in fullerene derivatives and related application
technologies; and since 2001, he has been a partner and member of the
board of directors of EverRich Capital Inc., a financial consulting
company. From September 2008 to April 2010, Dr. Chen served as the Chief
Executive Officer of SilverPAC, Inc., a consumer electronics business,
and from March 1994 to June 2002, Dr. Chen served as a board member of
PCTEL, Inc. (Nasdaq: PCTI). Dr. Chen received a Ph.D. in Ocean
Engineering from Oregon State University.

        The board of directors believes that Dr. Chen is qualified to
serve as a director based on his business management experience, his
service on other private company boards of directors and his prior
service on the board of a publicly-held company.

        ***Alex Ignatiev, Ph.D.*** has served as a director on our board
of directors since February 2013, and previously served as a director on
our board of directors from June 2008 to October 2009 and from May 2001
to August 2002. Since March 2013, Dr. Ignatiev has served as the Chief
Science Officer of Smart Grid Intelligent Management, Inc., which
develops operating systems and alternative energy source integration,
since February 2009, he has served as the Chief Technology Officer of
Quarius Technologies, LP, a renewable energy company, since February
2006, he has served as a vice president and Chief Technology Officer at
Nano EnerTex, Inc., a nanomaterials company, since January 2005, he has
served as a Vice President of Virtual Vision LLP, which develops
artificial retinas, and since May 2002, he has served as the Chief
Technology Officer of Metal Oxide Technologies, Inc., which develops,
manufactures and sells superconducting wire. Dr. Ignatiev was a director
of the Space Vacuum Epitaxy Center at the University of Houston from
1987 until 2002 after which he became director of the Texas Center for
Superconductivity and Advanced Materials until 2005. From 2005 until the
present he has served as a director of the Center for Advanced Materials
at the University of Houston. Dr. Ignatiev has also served a task leader
for the Texas Center for Superconductivity from 1987 to 2008.
Dr. Ignatiev has served since 2010 as the Hugh Roy and Lillie Cranz
Cullen professor of physics, chemistry and electrical and computer
engineering at the University of Houston, and has been elected to the
International Academy of Astronautics and to the Kazakhstan National
Academy of Sciences. Dr. Ignatiev received a Ph.D. in Materials Science
from Cornell University.

        The board of directors believes that Dr. Ignatiev is qualified
to serve as a director based on his business management experience,
broad technology industry experience and his past service on our board.

91

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        ***Che-Wei Lin*** has served as a director on our board of
directors since January 2014, and previously served as a director on our
board of directors from December 2006 to October 2009. Since November
2007, Mr. Lin has served as the President of ASMedia Technology Inc., a
chipset manufacturer. Since November 2009, Mr. Lin has also served as
the Corporate Vice President of the Motherboard Business Unit of the
Open Platform Business Group of ASUSTek Computer Inc., a computer
hardware and electronics company. Mr. Lin was employed at VIA
Technologies, Inc., a manufacturer of integrated circuits and
motherboard chipsets, from 1993 to 2007 in various positions, including
President of the Desktop Platform Business Unit, Vice President of the
System Platform Division and Vice President of OEM and Chipset Product
Marketing. Mr. Lin received a BS in Electrical Engineering from Fu Jen
University in Taiwan and a MS in Electrical Engineering from the
University of Missouri.

        The board of directors believes that Mr. C. Lin is qualified to
serve as a director based on his business and financial management and
leadership experience and his years of service on our board.

        Our executive officers are elected by, and serve at the
discretion of, our board of directors. There are no family relationships
among any of our directors or executive officers.

**Board Composition**

        Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that the number of authorized directors is determined from time to time
by resolution of the board of directors and any vacancies in our board
of directors and newly created directorships may be filled only by our
board of directors. Any additional directorships resulting from an
increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three
classes, so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of
one-third of the total number of directors. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation further provides for the removal of a
director only for cause and by the affirmative vote of the holders of
66²/3% or more of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of our
directors. We currently have seven directors.

        Our board of directors is divided into three classes with
members of each class of directors serving for staggered three-year
terms as follows:

•  
Class I directors, Alan Moore and Che-Wei Lin, whose initial terms will
expire at the annual meetings held in 2014;  
  

•  
Class II directors, William H. Yeh and Alex Ignatiev, whose initial
terms will expire at the annual meetings held in 2015; and  
  

•  
Class III directors, Chih-Hsiang (Thompson) Lin, Richard B. Black and
Min-Chu (Mike) Chen, whose initial terms will expire at the annual
meetings held in 2016.

        Our classified board could have the effect of making it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us. We have determined that each
of William H. Yeh, Richard B. Black, Alex Ignatiev, Alan Moore, Min-Chu
(Mike) Chen and Che-Wei Lin qualify as independent directors under the
NASDAQ rules and SEC rules and regulations.

**Director Compensation**

        From January 2013 until April 2013, non-employee directors were
eligible to receive $1,500 for each board meeting attended in person,
and a $300 meeting fee for each board or committee

92

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

meeting attended by telephone. In April 2013, our board of directors
approved increasing the meeting fee for each board meeting attended by
telephone to $750 for meetings lasting two hours or less, and $1,500 for
meetings lasting longer than two hours. In April 2013, our board of
directors also approved providing our non-employee directors with a
$12,000 annual retainer fee. Non-employee directors that serve as the
Chairman of our board of directors, chairman of our audit committee,
chairman of our compensation committee and chairman of our nominating
and corporate governance committee are entitled to receive an additional
$5,000, $5,000, $3,000 and $2,000 annual retainer fee, respectively. If
a committee meeting occurred at the same site as a scheduled board
meeting, no additional compensation was paid. Employee directors did not
receive any compensation other than their employee compensation for
their service as directors. Directors were reimbursed for out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in the course of their service on the board of
directors or its committees.

        In April 2013, our board of directors approved providing
non-employee directors with a number of restricted stock units under our
2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan equal to $55,000 divided by the
then-current share price of our common stock. All restricted stock units
granted to directors vest in equal monthly amounts over the first twelve
months following the date of grant, subject to early termination in
accordance with their terms.

        The table below sets forth, for each person who served as a
non-employee director during 2013, information regarding compensation
for service on our board of directors during 2013.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:15%;">

\(1\)  
Reflects the aggregate dollar amount of fees earned or paid in cash for
services as a non-employee director, including committee service fees,
fees for serving as a committee chairperson, and board and committee
meeting fees.  
  

\(2\)  
Represents the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant
date fair value of the restricted stock units reported in Note M to the
consolidated financial statements included in this prospectus. The
amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting cost for these
restricted stock units and do not correspond to the actual economic
value that may be received by the named executive officers for the
restricted stock units.  
  

\(3\)  
Resigned as a member of our board of directors on December 30, 2013.  
  

\(4\)  
Resigned as a member of our board of directors on March 22, 2013.
Reflects payment of $25,000 to Chang Office, LLC under our consulting
agreement with Chang Office, LLC. Under the consulting agreement, Chang
Office, LLC agreed to provide certain consulting services for the
benefit of our audit committee, including the evaluation of our internal
controls. Ms. Chang is the President and sole member of Chang
Office, LLC.

</div>

93

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:15%;">

\(5\)  
Resigned as a member of our board of directors on February 27, 2013.  
  

\(6\)  
Resigned as a member of our board of directors on February 20, 2013.  
  

\(7\)  
Appointed as a member of our board of directors on February 27, 2013.  
  

\(8\)  
Appointed as a member of our board of directors on February 20, 2013.  
  

\(9\)  
Appointed as a member of our board of directors on March 25, 2013.

</div>

**Board Committees**

        Our board of directors directs the management of our business
and affairs, as provided by Delaware law, and conducts its business
through meetings of the board of directors. Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee
and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Our board of
directors may establish other committees to facilitate the management of
our business.

**Audit Committee**

        Our audit committee currently consists of Richard B. Black, Alan
Moore and Alex Ignatiev. Our board of directors has determined that
Messrs. Black, Moore and Ignatiev each satisfy the independence and
financial literacy requirements under the applicable rules and
regulations of the SEC and NASDAQ. Mr. Black serves as the chairman of
this committee, and our board of directors has determined that he
qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as that term is
defined in the rules and regulations established by the SEC and has the
requisite financial sophistication as defined under the applicable
NASDAQ rules. The functions of this committee include, but are not
limited to:

•  
meeting with our management periodically to consider the adequacy of our
internal controls and the objectivity of our financial reporting;  
  

•  
meeting with our independent auditors and with internal financial
personnel regarding these matters;  
  

•  
appointing, compensating, retaining and overseeing the work of our
independent auditors;  
  

•  
pre-approving audit and non-audit services of our independent
auditors;  
  

•  
reviewing our audited financial statements and reports and discussing
the statements and reports with our management, including any
significant adjustments, management judgments and estimates, new
accounting policies and disagreements with management;  
  

•  
establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of
complaints we receive regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
or auditing matters, as well as for the confidential, anonymous
submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable
accounting or auditing matters;  
  

•  
reviewing the independence and quality control procedures of the
independent auditor and the experience and qualifications of the
independent auditor's senior personnel that are providing us audit
services;  
  

•  
reviewing all related-party transactions for approval; and  
  

•  
reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of the audit committee's charter
at least annually and recommending any changes to our board of
directors.

94

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Both our independent auditors and internal financial personnel
regularly meet privately with our audit committee and have unrestricted
access to this committee.

**Compensation Committee**

        Our compensation committee currently consists of William H. Yeh,
Richard B. Black and Min-Chu (Mike) Chen, each of whom is not an
employee and is otherwise "independent" as that term is defined in the
current applicable NASDAQ rules. Mr. Yeh serves as the chairman of this
committee. Pursuant to its charter, our compensation committee has
responsibility for overseeing our compensation policies and programs,
including developing compensation policies and providing oversight in
the implementation of all applicable policies and benefit plans.
Specifically, the compensation committee recommends the compensation
payable to our non-employee directors, evaluates and sets compensation
for the Chairman of our board of directors and our executive officers
and monitors all general compensation programs. In accordance with its
charter, the compensation committee's responsibilities include, but are
not limited to:

•  
reviewing and approving all compensation for the Chief Executive
Officer, including incentive-based and equity-based compensation;  
  

•  
reviewing and approving annual performance objectives and goals relevant
to compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and evaluating the
performance of the Chief Executive Officer;  
  

•  
reviewing and approving incentive-based or equity-based compensation
plans in which our executive officers participate;  
  

•  
reviewing and approving all compensation for executive officers,
including incentive-based and equity-based compensation, and overseeing
the evaluation of management;  
  

•  
approving all employment, severance, or change-in-control agreements,
special or supplemental benefits, or provisions including the same,
applicable to executive officers;  
  

•  
periodically reviewing and advising our board of directors concerning
both regional and industry-wide compensation practices and trends in
order to assess the adequacy and competitiveness of our compensation
programs for executive officers relative to comparable companies in our
industry;  
  

•  
reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of the compensation committee
charter and recommending any changes to our board of directors on an
annual basis; and  
  

•  
reviewing and evaluating the compensation committee's own performance
periodically.

        The compensation committee may delegate its authority to a
subcommittee to make grants of stock, stock options and other equity
securities to executive officers and other employees, provided that
these grants are made within established guidelines. In addition, the
compensation committee may obtain advice or assistance from compensation
consultants, legal counsel or other advisors to perform its duties,
provided that the compensation committee shall periodically assess the
independence of any such compensation consultant as required by NASDAQ
rules and applicable law.

95

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee**

        Our nominating and corporate governance committee currently
consists of William H. Yeh, Alex Ignatiev and Min-Chu (Mike) Chen.
Mr. Ignatiev serves as the chairman of this committee. Our nominating
and corporate governance committee oversees and advises the board of
directors with respect to corporate governance matters, assists the
board of directors in identifying and recommending qualified candidates
for nomination to the board of directors, makes recommendations to the
board of directors with respect to assignments to committees of the
board of directors and oversees the evaluation of the board of
directors. The functions of this committee include, but are not limited
to:

•  
making recommendations to the board of directors regarding all nominees
for board membership, whether for the slate of director nominees to be
proposed by the board of directors to the stockholders or any director
nominees to be elected by the board of directors to fill interim
director vacancies;  
  

•  
considering director candidates submitted by stockholders and
determining the procedure to be followed by stockholders in submitting
such recommendations;  
  

•  
recommending board of directors committee structure and responsibilities
to be included in the charter of each committee of the board of
directors to be submitted to full board of directors for
consideration;  
  

•  
recommending directors to serve on each board committee and suggesting
rotations for chairpersons of the board committees as the nominating and
corporate governance committee deems appropriate;  
  

•  
recommending corporate governance standards to the board of directors;  
  

•  
evaluating and recommending any revisions to board of directors and
board committee meeting policies;  
  

•  
reviewing the effectiveness of the operation of the board of directors
and board committees, including the corporate governance and operating
practices;  
  

•  
reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of the nominating and corporate
governance committee charter and recommending any changes to the board
of directors; and  
  

•  
periodically reviewing the compensation paid to non-employee directors
and making recommendations to our board of directors for any
adjustments.

**Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in
Compensation Decisions**

        None of our executive officers serves as a member of our
compensation committee or as a member of the board of directors or any
other committee serving an equivalent function of any other entity that
has one or more of its executive officers serving as a member of our
board of directors or compensation committee.

96

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Code of Business Conduct**

        Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct.
The code of business conduct applies to all of our employees, officers
and directors. The full text of our code of business conduct is posted
on our website at www.ao-inc.com under the Investor Relations section.
We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our
code of business conduct, or waivers of such provisions, at the same
location on our website identified above and also in public filings.

**Risk Assessment of Compensation Programs**

        We do not believe that our compensation programs create risks
that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our
company. We believe that the combination of different types of
compensation as well as the overall amount of compensation, together
with our internal controls and oversight by the board of directors,
mitigates potential risks.

**Tax and Accounting Considerations**

        Section 162(m) of the Code generally disallows public companies
a tax deduction for compensation in excess of $1,000,000 paid to their
Chief Executive Officer and certain other executive officers unless
certain performance and other requirements are met. As one of the
factors in its consideration of compensation matters, the compensation
committee also considers the anticipated tax treatment to our company
and to the executive officers of various payments and benefits,
including the effect of Section 162(m). The compensation committee
retains discretion, however, to implement executive compensation
programs that may not be deductible under Section 162(m) if the
compensation committee believes the programs are nevertheless
appropriate to help achieve our primary objective of ensuring that
compensation paid to our executive officers is reasonable,
performance-based and consistent with the goals of our company and its
stockholders. We do not believe that Code Section 162(m) will limit our
tax deductions for our last completed fiscal year.

97

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
**

**Summary Compensation Table**

        The following table presents summary information regarding the
total compensation awarded to, earned by, and paid to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer and other two most highly
compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at
the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. These officers are
referred to as our named executive officers. The information included in
this table reflects compensation for the years ended December 31, 2012
and 2013.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:54%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
(1)  
Includes amounts earned but deferred at the election of the named
executive officers, such as salary deferrals under our 401(k) Plan
established under Section 401(k) of the Code.  
  

  
(2)  
Represents the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant
date fair value of the stock options reported in the Option Awards
column are set forth in Note M to the consolidated financial statements
included in this prospectus. The amounts reported in this column reflect
the accounting cost for these stock options and do not correspond to the
actual economic value that may be received by the named executive
officers for the stock options.  
  

  
(3)  
Includes life insurance premiums paid by us for the benefit of the named
executive officers.  
  

  
(4)  
Mr. Dunn joined us on December 12, 2012 as Chief Financial Officer. His
base annualized salary for 2012 was $192,000.

</div>

98

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-end**

        The following table sets forth certain information regarding
outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end for our named executive
officers for the year ended December 31, 2013.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:73%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(1\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2004 under our 2000 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period with respect to
one-forty-eighth (1/48) of the shares as of the first day of the
calendar month following the vesting start date, subject to continued
service through each applicable vesting date.

</div>

99

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(2\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2005 under our 2004 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period with respect to
one-sixteenth (1/16) of the shares as of each three-month period
following the vesting start date, subject to continued service through
each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(3\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2006 under our 2006 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period with respect to
one-sixteenth (1/16) of the shares as of each three-month period
following the vesting start date, subject to continued service through
each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(4\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2007 under our 2006 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest on the first anniversary of
the vesting start date with the remainder vesting 25% each twelve month
period over the remaining three years, subject to continued service
through each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(5\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2008 under our 2006 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest on the first anniversary of
the vesting start date and the remaining shares shall become exercisable
with respect to one-thirty-sixth (1/36) of the remaining shares as of
the first day of the calendar month following the first anniversary of
the vesting start date, subject to continued service through each
applicable vesting date.  
  

\(6\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2009 under our 2006 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a one year period with respect to
one-twelfth (1/12) of the shares as of the first day of the calendar
month beginning after the vesting start date, subject to continued
service through each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(7\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2010 under our 2006 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest on the first anniversary of
the vesting start date with the remaining shares vesting 12.5% each six
months over the remaining three years, subject to continued service
through each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(8\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2011 under our 2006 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest on the first anniversary of
the vesting start date and the remaining shares shall become exercisable
with respect to one-thirty-sixth (1/36) of the remaining shares as of
the first day of the calendar month following the first anniversary of
the vesting start date, subject to continued service through each
applicable vesting date.  
  

\(9\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2012 under our 2006 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest on the first anniversary of
the vesting start date with the remaining shares vesting 12.5% each six
months over the remaining three years, subject to continued service
through each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(10\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2001 under our 2000 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a five-year period with respect to
one-twentieth (1/20) of the shares as of the first day of the calendar
quarter (three-month period) following the vesting start date, subject
to continued service through each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(11\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2000 under our 1998 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest immediately and the
remaining shares shall become exercisable with respect to
one-thirty-sixth (1/36) of the remaining shares as of the first day of
the calendar month following the first anniversary of the vesting start
date, subject to continued service through each applicable vesting
date.  
  

\(12\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2002 under our 2000 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest on the first anniversary of
the vesting start date with the remainder vesting one-sixteenth (1/16)
as of the first day of the calendar quarter (three-month period)
following the vesting start date, subject to continued service through
each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(13\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2005 under our 2000 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period with respect to
one-sixteenth (1/16) of the shares as of each three-month period
following the vesting start date, subject to continued service through
each applicable vesting date.

</div>

100

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\(14\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2013 under our 2006 Incentive Share
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest on the first anniversary of
the vesting start date with the remaining shares vesting 12.5% each six
months over the remaining three years, subject to continued service
through each applicable vesting date.  
  

\(15\)  
The amounts reported reflect shares of common stock underlying stock
options granted in calendar year 2013 under our 2013 Long-Term Incentive
Plan. The stock options vest over a four-year period as follows: 25% of
the shares underlying the stock option vest on the first anniversary of
the vesting start date with the remaining shares vesting 12.5% each six
months over the remaining three years, subject to continued service
through each applicable vesting date.

</div>

**Agreements with Executive Officers**

        *Change of Control or Separation of Service Agreements with
Chief Executive Officer and Other Executive Officers*

        Each of Mr. Lin, Mr. Murry and Mr. J. Yeh has an agreement
regarding change of control or separation of service with our company,
which provides that, if our board of directors terminates his employment
for any reason other than Cause or if he resigns for Good Reason before
the occurrence of a Change in Control, as defined below, he will be
entitled to receive (i) a payment equal to one year's base salary plus
$15,000, (which may be used for benefit continuation under COBRA or for
any other purpose), (ii) a payment equal to his target bonus and
(iii) in the case of Mr. Murry, a lump sum equal to Mr. Murry's four
most recent commission payments. The severance benefits that may arise
as a result of a termination prior to a Change in Control will be paid
periodically in installments over the 12 months following his separation
from service, subject to certain limitations including his execution of
a release agreement. The release agreement would include a reasonable
agreement to cooperate for a period of six months following the
employment termination date and a mutual non-disparagement clause. In
consideration of these benefits, he has agreed to be subject to a
non-compete provision for a period of 12 months following his separation
from service and would agree to maintain the confidentiality of company
information. Mr. Dunn's and Mr. Chang's employment agreement do not
provide for the above benefits.

        Each employment agreement generally defines "Cause" as,
following written notice to the executive and the executive's failure to
cure such occurrence(s): (i) conviction or plea of nolo contendre to any
felony offense or to a crime of moral turpitude; (ii) commission of
willful misconduct or violation of law in connection with the
performance of his duties, including (a) misappropriation of funds or
property, (b) attempting to secure personally any profit in connection
with any transaction entered into on behalf of our company, or
(c) making any material misrepresentation to our board of directors, our
company or its affiliates; (iii) material violation or failure to comply
with our company policy; (iv) material breach of the employment
agreement; or (v) the willful and continued failure or neglect to
substantially perform his duties with our company. "Good Reason" is
defined to include: (i) the executive's assignment to duties
inconsistent with his position or title; (ii) reduction in his base
compensation, except as part of an overall cost reduction program that
affects all senior executives and does not disproportionately affect the
executive; (iii) any purported termination of the executive by our
company other than for disability or Cause or a voluntary resignation
initiated by the executive, except for a voluntary termination for Good
Reason; (iv) failure of any successor entity to our company to expressly
assume the employment agreement; and (v) material breach by our company
of the agreement.

        Each of Mr. Lin, Mr. Murry, Mr. J. Yeh, Mr. Dunn and Mr. Chang
have provisions in their employment agreements that provide if, within
one year after a Change in Control or within six months prior to a
Change in Control, the executive's employment is terminated by the
executive for Good Reason or by our company other than for Cause, the
executive will instead be entitled

101

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

to receive severance benefits consisting of: (i) a lump sum payment
equal to one year's base salary plus $10,000 ($15,000 for Mr. Dunn and
Mr. Chang) which may be used for benefit continuation under COBRA or for
any other purpose; (ii) a lump sum payment equal to his target bonus;
and (iii) accelerated vesting of the executive's stock options, with all
vested options becoming exercisable for an extended period following
termination of employment. The severance benefits that may arise as a
result of termination within one year following a Change in Control will
be paid on the later of the 60th day after the effective date of the
executive's separation from service or six months and one day after
executive's separation from service if the executive is, at the time of
termination, a "specified employee" as defined under Section 409A of the
Code. Additionally, Mr. Lin's employment agreement provides him with a
tax gross-up payment to make him whole for any excise taxes that he
would owe resulting from the application of the 20% excise tax
provisions under Section 280G of the Code, that apply when certain
"parachute payments" are paid to Mr. Lin as the result of a Change in
Control. None of the other employment agreements with our executive
officers provide them with any right to a tax gross-up.

        A "Change in Control" is deemed to occur if: (i) individuals who
constitute the board of directors of our company on the date of the
employment agreement (Incumbent Directors) cease to constitute at least
a majority of our board of directors; provided, that any individual
whose election or nomination for election by the stockholders was
approved by a majority of the then Incumbent Directors shall be
considered an Incumbent Director, with certain exceptions; or (ii) the
stockholders of our company approve (1) any merger, consolidation or
recapitalization of our company or any sale of substantially all of its
assets where (a) the stockholders of our company prior to the
transaction do not, immediately thereafter, own at least 51% of both the
equity and voting power of the surviving entity or (b) the Incumbent
Directors at the time of the approval of the transaction would not
immediately thereafter constitute a majority of the board of directors
of the surviving entity, or (2) any plan of liquidation or dissolution
of our company.

**Equity Compensation Plans**

***2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan***

        Our board of directors and stockholders adopted and approved our
2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, or the 2013 Plan, effective as of
September 26, 2013. The following is a brief summary of the material
terms of our 2013 Plan.

*Purpose*

        The purpose of our 2013 Plan is to attract and retain employees,
directors and consultants by providing them with additional incentives,
and to promote the success of our company's business.

*Administration*

        Our board of directors or one or more committees appointed by
our board of directors administers the 2013 Plan. For this purpose our
board of directors has delegated general administrative authority for
the 2013 Plan to the compensation committee. A committee may delegate
some or all of its authority with respect to the 2013 Plan to another
committee of directors and may delegate certain limited award grant
authority to one or more officers of our company. (The appropriate
acting body, be it our board of directors, a committee within its
delegated authority, or an officer within his or her delegated
authority, is referred to in this summary as the "Administrator.") The
Administrator determines the number of shares that are

102

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

subject to awards and the terms and conditions of such awards, including
the price (if any) to be paid for the shares or the award. Along with
other authority granted to the Administrator under the 2013 Plan, the
Administrator may (i) determine fair market value, (ii) select
recipients of awards, (iii) determine the number of shares subject to
awards, (iv) approve form award agreements, (v) determine the terms and
conditions of awards, (vi) reduce the exercise price of outstanding
awards without participant consent, (vii) amend outstanding awards, and
(viii) allow participants to satisfy withholding tax obligations through
a reduction of shares.

*Eligibility*

        Persons eligible to receive awards under the 2013 Plan include
our officers, employees, consultants and members of our board of
directors. The Administrator determines from time to time the
participants to whom awards will be granted.

*Authorized shares; limits on awards*

        The maximum number of common shares that may be issued or
transferred pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan equals 800,000, which
number includes shares remaining available under our prior plans as
described below and shares subject to outstanding awards forfeited back
to our prior plans, all of which may be subject to incentive stock
option treatment. The maximum aggregate number of common shares that may
be issued pursuant to all awards under the 2013 Plan shall increase
annually on the first day of each fiscal year following the adoption of
the 2013 Plan by the number of common shares equal to the lesser of
(i) 333,333 shares, (ii) 2% of the total issued and outstanding common
shares on the first day of such fiscal year, or (iii) such lesser amount
determined by our board of directors. Additionally, the maximum number
of shares subject to those options and stock appreciation rights that
are granted during any calendar year to any individual under the 2013
Plan is 600,000 shares.

        To the extent that an award is settled in cash or a form other
than shares, the shares that would have been delivered had there been no
such cash or other settlement will not be counted against the shares
available for issuance under the 2013 Plan. To the extent that shares
are delivered pursuant to the exercise of a stock appreciation right or
stock option, or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations under an
award, then only the shares actually issued shall be counted against the
applicable share limits. Shares that are subject to or underlie awards
that expire or for any reason are cancelled or terminated, are
forfeited, fail to vest, or for any other reason are not paid or
delivered under the 2013 Plan will again be available for subsequent
awards under the 2013 Plan. Additionally, shares that are exchanged by a
participant or withheld by our company as full or partial payment in
connection with any award under the 2013 Plan, as well as any shares
exchanged by a participant or withheld by our company to satisfy the tax
withholding obligations related to any award under the 2013 Plan, will
be available for subsequent awards under the 2013 Plan and are not
counted against the applicable share limits.

        As is customary in incentive plans of this nature, the number
and kind of shares available under the 2013 Plan and the then
outstanding share-based awards, as well as exercise or purchase prices,
performance targets under certain performance-based awards and share
limits, are subject to adjustment in the event of certain
reorganizations, mergers, combinations, consolidations,
recapitalizations, dividends, stock splits, a split-up or a spin-off,
repurchases or exchange, or other similar events, or extraordinary
dividends or distributions of property to the stockholders.

103

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

*Incentive awards*

        The 2013 Plan authorizes stock options, stock appreciation
rights, or SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance
shares and performance units, as well as other awards (described in the
2013 Plan) that are responsive to changing developments in management
compensation. The 2013 Plan retains the flexibility to offer competitive
incentives and to tailor benefits to specific needs and circumstances.
Any award may be paid or settled in cash. An option or SAR will expire,
or other award will vest in accordance with the schedule set forth in
the applicable award agreement.

•  
***Stock option.***  A stock option is the right to purchase common
shares at a future date at a specified price per share generally equal
to, but no less than, the fair market value of a share on the date of
grant. An option may either be an Incentive Stock Option, or ISO, or a
nonstatutory stock option, or NSO. ISO benefits are taxed differently
from NSOs, as described under "Federal Income Tax Treatment of Awards
under the 2013 Plan," below. ISOs also are subject to more restrictive
terms and are limited in amount by the Code and the 2013 Plan. Full
payment for shares purchased on the exercise of any option must be made
at the time of such exercise in a manner approved by the
Administrator.  
  

•  
***SAR.***  A SAR is the right to receive payment of an amount equal to
the excess of the fair market value of a common share on the date of
exercise of the SAR over the base price of the SAR. The base price will
be established by the Administrator at the time of grant of the SAR but
will not be less than the fair market value of a share on the date of
grant. SARs may be granted in connection with other awards or
independently.  
  

•  
***Restricted stock award.***  A restricted stock award is typically for
a fixed number of common shares subject to restrictions. The
Administrator specifies the price, if any, the participant must pay for
such shares and the restrictions (which may include, for example,
continued service and/or performance standards) imposed on such shares.
A stock bonus may be granted by the Administrator to any eligible person
to reward exceptional or special services, contributions or achievements
in the manner and on such terms and conditions (including any
restrictions on such shares) as determined from time to time by the
Administrator. The number of shares so awarded shall be determined by
the Administrator and may be granted independently or in lieu of a cash
bonus.  
  

•  
***Restricted stock unit.***  A restricted stock unit is similar to a
SAR except that it entitles the recipient to receive an amount equal to
the fair market value of a common share.  
  

•  
***Performance-based award.***  A performance-based award is designed to
satisfy the requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m) of the
Code (in addition to other awards expressly authorized under the 2013
Plan which may also qualify as performance-based) and may be based on
the performance of our company and/or one or more of our subsidiaries,
divisions, segments, or units. The business criteria from which
performance goals will be established are listed in the 2013 Plan under
the term "Performance Goals." Performance goals may be adjusted to
reflect certain changes, including reorganizations, liquidations and
capitalization and accounting changes, to the extent permitted by
Section 162(m). Performance-based awards may be share-based (payable in
stock only or in cash or stock) or may be cash-only awards (in either
case, subject to the limits described under the heading "Authorized
Shares; Limits on Awards" above). Before any performance-based award is
paid, the Administrator must certify that the performance goals have
been satisfied. The Administrator has discretion to determine

104

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        The Administrator may grant stock unit awards and permit
deferred payment of awards, and may determine the form and timing of
payment, vesting and other terms applicable to stock units or deferrals.

*Acceleration of awards; possible early termination of awards*

        Upon a change in control of our company, outstanding awards
under the 2013 Plan will be assumed or substituted on the same terms.
However, if the successor corporation does not assume or substitute the
outstanding awards, then vesting of these awards will fully accelerate,
and in the case of options or stock appreciation rights, will become
immediately exercisable. For this purpose a change in control is defined
to include certain changes in the majority of our board of directors,
the sale of all or substantially all of our company's assets and the
consummation of certain mergers or consolidations.

*Transfer restrictions*

        Subject to certain exceptions, awards under the 2013 Plan are
not transferable by the recipient other than by will or the laws of
descent and distribution and are generally exercisable, during the
recipient's lifetime, only by him or her.

*Termination of or changes to the 2013 Plan*

        Our board of directors may amend or terminate the 2013 Plan at
any time and in any manner. Unless required by applicable law or listing
agency rule, stockholder approval for any amendment will not be
required. Unless previously terminated by our board of directors, the
2013 Plan will terminate in September 2023 upon the tenth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering. Generally speaking,
outstanding awards may be amended, subject, however, to the consent of
the holder if the amendment materially and adversely affects the holder.

*Federal income tax treatment of awards under the 2013 Plan*

        Federal income tax consequences (subject to change) relating to
awards under the 2013 Plan are summarized in the following discussion.
This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and, among other
considerations, does not describe the deferred compensation provisions
of Section 409A of the Code to the extent an award is subject to and
does not satisfy those rules, nor does it describe state, local, or
international tax consequences.

        For "NSOs," our company is generally entitled to deduct (and the
optionee recognizes taxable income in) an amount equal to the difference
between the option exercise price and the fair market value of the
shares at the time of exercise. For ISOs, our company is generally not
entitled to a deduction nor does the participant recognize income at the
time of exercise. The current federal income tax consequences of other
awards authorized under the 2013 Plan generally follow certain basic
patterns: SARs are taxed and deductible in substantially the same manner
as NSOs; nontransferable restricted stock subject to a substantial risk
of forfeiture results in income recognition equal to the excess of the
fair market value over the price paid (if any) only at the time the
restrictions lapse (unless the recipient elects to accelerate
recognition as of the date of grant); bonuses and performance share
awards are generally subject to tax at the time of payment; cash-based
awards are generally subject to tax at the time of payment; and

105

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

compensation otherwise effectively deferred is taxed when paid. Our
company will generally have a corresponding deduction at the time the
participant recognizes income. However, as for those awards subject to
ISO treatment, our company would generally have no corresponding
compensation deduction.

        If an award is accelerated under the 2013 Plan in connection
with a change in control (as this term is used under the Code), our
company may not be permitted to deduct the portion of the compensation
attributable to the acceleration ("parachute payments") if it exceeds
certain threshold limits under the Code (and certain related excise
taxes may be triggered). Furthermore, the aggregate compensation in
excess of $1,000,000 attributable to awards which are not
"performance-based" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, or
do not fall within any other applicable exception, may not be permitted
to be deducted by our company in certain circumstances.

***Various Incentive Share Plans***

        Our board of directors previously adopted, and our stockholders
previously approved, the 1998 Share Incentive Plan, the 2000 Share
Incentive Plan, the 2004 Share Incentive Plan and the 2006 Share
Incentive Plan, which are referred to collectively as our Prior Plans.
As of January 31, 2014, we had 1,562,437 shares of common stock subject
to outstanding stock options under our Prior Plans with a weighted
average exercise price of $8.7743 per share. In connection with the
effectiveness of our 2013 Plan, no further awards may be granted under
the Prior Plans. However, all outstanding awards under the Prior Plans
will continue to exist and will continue to be governed by their
existing terms. Upon a change in control of our company, as described in
each of the Prior Plans, the vesting of stock options and other
outstanding awards under the Prior Plans will be accelerated and all
unexercised awards will terminate upon the change in control to the
extent the acquirer does not assume the outstanding stock options.

***Section 401(k) Plan***

        We maintain a tax-qualified retirement plan that provides
eligible employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a
tax-advantaged basis. All participants' interests in their contributions
are 100% vested when contributed. Historically, we have not made any
matching contributions to the Section 401(k) plan. Pre-tax contributions
are allocated to each participant's individual account and are then
invested in selected investment alternatives according to the
participants' directions. The retirement plan is intended to qualify
under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code.

**Indemnification of Directors and Officers and Limitation of
Liability**

        As permitted by Delaware General Corporation Law, provisions in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws limit or eliminate the personal liability of our
directors. Consequently, a director will not be personally liable to us
or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as
a director, except for liability for:

•  
any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to us or our
stockholders;  
  

•  
any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

106

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
any unlawful payments related to dividends or unlawful stock
repurchases, redemptions or other distributions; or  
  

•  
any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
benefit.

        These limitations of liability do not alter director liability
under the federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of
equitable remedies such as an injunction or rescission. In addition, our
amended and restated bylaws provide that:

•  
we will indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person
who is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action,
suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of
our directors or officers or is or was serving at our request as a
director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, or other enterprise;  
  

•  
we may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person who
is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action,
suit, or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one
of our employees or agents or is or was serving at our request as an
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, or other enterprise; and  
  

•  
we must advance expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director or
officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding,
subject to very limited exceptions.

**Indemnification Agreements**

        We have entered into agreements that indemnify each of our
directors and certain of our executive officers, in addition to the
indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. These agreements, among
other things, provide for indemnification for judgments, fines,
settlement amounts and expenses, including attorneys' fees incurred by
the director or executive officer in any action or proceeding, including
any action by or in our right, arising out of the person's services as a
director or executive officer, or any other company or enterprise to
which the person provides services at our request. We believe that these
provisions and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified
persons as directors and executive officers.

        The limitations on liability and indemnification provisions in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty and may reduce
the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and
officers, even though a derivative action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. A stockholder's investment in
us may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of
settlement or damage awards against our directors and officers under
these indemnification provisions.

        At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding
involving any of our directors or officers in which indemnification is
sought, nor are we aware of any threatened litigation that may result in
claims for indemnification.

107

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
**

        Other than compensation agreements and other arrangements which
are described as required under "Management" and the transactions
described below, since January 1, 2011, there has not been, and there is
not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar
transactions to which we were or will be a party in which the amount
involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000 and in which any director,
executive officer, holder of five percent or more of any class of our
capital stock, or any member of their immediate family had or will have
a direct or indirect material interest. Our audit committee will be
responsible for approving all future transactions between us and our
officers, directors and principal stockholders and their affiliates.

**Loans from Stockholders**

        On February 3, 2010, we entered into a promissory note with Lina
Yeh in the principal amount of $200,000 at an interest rate of 6%. Lina
Yeh is the wife of William Yeh, a member of our board of directors. The
principal balance of $200,000 was converted to acquire 19,047 shares of
Series G preferred stock in August 2012 at a price of $10.50 per share,
and the remaining interest amount of $7,715 under the promissory note
was paid off in September 2012. In connection with the promissory note,
Ms. Yeh was also issued warrants to acquire 3,200 shares of Series F
preferred stock at a price of $7.50 per share, and 785 shares of
Series G preferred stock at a price of $18.00 per share. The warrant to
acquire 3,200 shares of Series F preferred stock was exercised by
Ms. Yeh on May 13, 2013. The remaining warrants expired upon the closing
of our initial public offering.

        On February 8, 2010, we entered into (i) a promissory note with
Techgains Global Corporation in the aggregate principal amount of
$150,000 at an interest rate of 6% and (ii) a promissory note with
Techgains Pan Pacific Corporation in the aggregate principal amount of
$150,000 at an interest rate of 6%. Juen-Sheng (Andrew) Kang, the former
Chairman of our board of directors, was a shareholder and a member of
the board of directors of both Techgains Global Corporation and
Techgains Pan Pacific Corporation. The remaining principal balance and
the remaining interest of $319,159 under the two promissory notes was
converted to acquire 30,396 shares of Series G preferred stock in
September 2012 at a price of $10.50 per share. In connection with the
promissory notes, Techgains Global Corporation and Techgains Pan Pacific
Corporation each received warrants to acquire (i) 2,400 shares of
Series F preferred stock at a price of $7.50 per share and (ii) 889
shares of Series G preferred stock at a price of $18.00. The Series F
preferred stock warrants were fully exercised and converted into 5,760
shares of common stock upon the closing of our initial public offering,
and the Series G preferred stock warrants expired upon the closing of
our initial public offering.

        On February 11, 2010, we entered into (i) a promissory note with
Budworth Investments Limited in the aggregate principal amount of
$175,000 at an interest rate of 6% and (ii) a promissory note with
Harbinger III Venture Capital Corp. in the aggregate principal amount of
$75,000 at an interest rate of 6%. Chih-Kai (C.K.) Cheng, a former
member of our board of directors, is a shareholder, co-founder and
general partner of both Budworth Investments Limited and Harbinger III
Venture Capital Corp. The principal balance and interest owed under the
two promissory notes were paid off in September 2011. In connection with
the promissory notes, Budworth Investments Limited and Harbinger III
Venture Capital Corp. received warrants to acquire an aggregate of 4,000
shares of Series F preferred stock at a price of $7.50 per share. The
Series F preferred stock warrants were fully exercised and converted
into 4,800 shares of common stock upon the closing of our initial public
offering, and the Series G preferred stock warrants expired upon the
closing of our initial public offering.

108

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        We entered into (i) a promissory note with Robinhood III, LP on
February 25, 2010 in the aggregate principal amount of $300,000 at an
interest rate of 6% and (ii) a promissory note with Robinhood III, LP on
April 21, 2010 in the aggregate principal amount of $550,000 at an
interest rate of 6%. Nancy T. Chang, a former member of our board of
directors is the sole beneficiary and the President of the general
partner of Robinhood III, LP, and entities affiliated with Robinhood
III, LP beneficially own more than five percent of any class of our
capital stock. The principal balance and interest owed under one
promissory note was paid off in August 2011 and the principal balance
and interest owed under the other promissory note was paid off in
November 2011. In connection with the promissory notes, Robinhood
III, LP received warrants to acquire an aggregate of 13,600 shares of
Series F preferred stock at a price of $7.50 per share. The warrants to
acquire 13,600 shares of Series F preferred stock were exercised by
Robinhood III, LP on March 12, 2013.

        On April 23, 2010, we entered into a promissory note with Helix
Micro, Inc. the aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000 at an interest
rate of 6%. Juen-Sheng (Andrew) Kang, the former Chairman of our board
of directors, was a shareholder and the former chairman of the board of
directors of Helix Micro, Inc. The remaining principal balance of
$1,000,000 under the promissory note was initially converted to acquire
55,555 shares of Series G preferred stock in December 2011 at a price of
$18.00 per share, which number of shares was subsequently adjusted to an
aggregate of 95,238 shares of Series G preferred stock at a price of
$10.50 per share in September 2012 as a result of the second closing of
our Series G private placement. The remaining interest of $102,445 owed
under the promissory note was paid off in January 2012. In connection
with the promissory note, Helix Micro, Inc. was issued warrants to
acquire (i) 16,000 shares of Series F preferred stock at a price of
$7.50 per share and (ii) 740 shares of Series G preferred stock at a
price of $18.00. The Series F preferred stock warrants were fully
exercised and converted into 19,200 shares of common stock upon the
closing of our initial public offering, and the Series G preferred stock
warrants expired upon the closing of our initial public offering.

**Consulting Services**

        On April 1, 2009, William H. Yeh, a member of our board of
directors, began providing us with certain financial consulting
services. The compensation arrangement for such services was formalized
on October 19, 2009 through a letter agreement that we entered into with
Mr. Yeh. Pursuant to this letter agreement, we agreed to grant Mr. Yeh
133 shares of common stock as compensation for each month of such
services that Mr. Yeh rendered to us. As a result, we granted Mr. Yeh
2,133 shares of common stock on August 1, 2010 for 16 months of services
rendered and 1,333 shares of common stock on June 1, 2011 for 10 months
of services rendered. As of May 31, 2011, Mr. Yeh ceased to render such
services.

        On June 1, 2012, we entered into an agreement with Chang
Office, LLC, pursuant to which Chang Office, LLC agreed to provide us
with certain internal auditing and consulting services. Nancy T. Chang,
president and sole member of Chang Office, LLC, was at that time a
member of our board of directors. Under the agreement, we agreed to pay
$50,000 to Chang Office, LLC, payable in two equal installments, as
compensation for such services. Chang Office, LLC was paid their first
payment of $25,000 on November 6, 2012 and their second and final
payment on March 25, 2013. Chang Office, LLC's services ceased on
May 31, 2013.

        On June 1, 2012, we entered into an agreement with Technology
Associates Management Company, Ltd., pursuant to which Technology
Associates Management Company, Ltd. agreed to provide us with certain
internal auditing and consulting services. Juen-Sheng (Andrew) Kang,
managing director of Technology Associates Management Company, Ltd., was
at that time a member of our board of directors. Under the agreement, we
agreed to pay $20,000 to Technology

109

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

Associates Management Company, Ltd. as compensation for such services.
Technology Associates Management Company, Ltd. has not yet been paid for
such services. Technology Associates Management Company's services
ceased on May 31, 2013.

**Private Placement of Securities**

        On December 31, 2011, we issued and sold an aggregate of 222,554
shares of Series G preferred stock to twenty-five investors, at a price
of $18.00 per share, in the initial closing of our Series G private
placement. On September 7, 2012, we issued and sold an additional
1,046,999 shares of Series G preferred stock to fifty-four investors, at
a price of $10.50 per share, in the second closing of our Series G
private placement. In connection with the second closing of our Series G
private placement, we agreed to amend the per share price of our
Series G preferred stock issued under the initial closing of our
Series G private placement from $18.00 per share to $10.50 per share
and, as a result, an additional 158,973 shares of Series G preferred
stock were issued to the investors in connection with the initial
closing of our Series G private placement.

        On December 31, 2011, we also issued warrants to purchase 33,385
shares of Series G preferred stock, with exercise price of $18.00 per
share in connection with the initial closing of our Series G private
placement to the investors in the private placement. However, those
warrants were terminated as a result of the second closing of our
Series G private placement. None of these warrants were exercised prior
to their termination.

        Of the aggregate 1,431,307 shares of Series G preferred stock
issued in the Series G private placement, 348,593 shares were sold for
an aggregate price of $3,660,277.90 to investors that, at such time,
were beneficially owned by either directors, executive officers, holders
of five percent or more of any class of our capital stock, or members of
their immediate families, consisting of 95,238 shares sold to Helix
Micro, Inc., 34,245 shares sold to Techgains Global Corporation, 53,293
shares sold to Techgains Pan Pacific Corporation, 23,809 shares sold to
Techgains Pacific Century Fund, 19,047 shares sold to Technology
Associates Management Company, Ltd., 100,539 shares sold to Robinhood
III, LP, 971 shares sold to Heather B. Black, 2,404 shares sold to
Richard B. Black and 19,047 shares sold to William H. Yeh. In connection
with the closing of our initial public offering, the outstanding shares
of Series G preferred stock converted into 1,431,307 shares of our
common stock. See "Principal and Selling Stockholders" for more detail
on the shares of our stock held by these investors.

**Registration Rights**

        In February 2013, we provided registration rights to our holders
of common stock and redeemable Series A preferred stock, including
Chih-Hsiang (Thompson) Lin, an executive officer, chairman of the board
of directors and holder of five percent or more of our common stock,
Stefan J. Murry, Hung-Lun (Fred) Chang, Klaus Alexander Anselm, Richard
B. Black and Alex Ignatiev, who are certain of our executive officers
and directors, entities associated with Technology Associates Management
Company, Ltd., who was then considered a holder of five percent or more
of a class of our capital stock, and Shiu-Mei Lin Chou, Yaun-Chung Hsu
and Wei-Chien Wu (which shares are held jointly) and Yuanpin Hsu, each
of which was then a holder of five percent or more of a class of our
capital stock. Such rights are subject to conditions and limitations at
the sole discretion of our board of directors.

        Additionally, we entered into registration rights agreements
with our investors in connection with our Series C, D, E, F and G
preferred stock private placements, which preferred stock converted into
shares of common stock immediately prior to the closing of our initial
public offering. As a result, the holders of approximately 1.45 million
shares of our common stock are

110

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

eligible to exercise certain rights with respect to the registration of
such shares under the Securities Act. See "Description of Capital
Stock—Registration Rights."

**Shareholders' Agreement**

        Beginning in 2000, we entered into a shareholders' agreement
with stockholders who purchased shares of our preferred stock, which
agreement was amended to include additional investors and to make other
changes at the time of each of our preferred stock private placements.
The shareholders' agreement was most recently amended on January 14,
2011. The shareholders' agreement contains rights of first refusal and
information rights and terminated in accordance with its terms upon the
closing of our initial public offering.

**Indemnification and Change in Control Agreements**

        We have agreed to indemnify our directors and our executive
officers under certain circumstances and have purchased directors' and
officers' liability insurance. The indemnification agreements and our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers to
the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. See
"Management—Indemnification of directors and officers and limitation of
liability" and "—Indemnification agreements. We have also entered into
change in control agreements with our executive officers. See
"Management—Agreements with Executive Officers."

**Stock Option Awards**

        For information regarding stock option awards to our named
executive officers and directors in 2013, see "Executive
Compensation—Summary Compensation Table" and "Executive
Compensation—Outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end." In addition,
on January 18, 2013, our board of directors granted a stock option for
91,333 shares of our common stock to Chih-Hsiang (Thompson) Lin, a stock
option for 17,333 shares of our common stock to Stefan J. Murry, a stock
option for 12,667 shares of our common stock to Hung-Lun (Fred) Chang
and a stock option for 10,000 shares of our common stock to James L.
Dunn, Jr., each with an exercise price of $7.50 per share.

        On September 26, 2013, our board of directors granted a stock
option for 615,348 shares of our common stock to Chih-Hsiang (Thompson)
Lin, a stock option for 12,000 shares of our common stock to Stefan J.
Murry, a stock option for 9,000 shares of our common stock to Hung-Lun
(Fred) Chang and a stock option for 5,000 shares of our common stock to
James L. Dunn, Jr., each with an exercise price of $9.96 per share.

        On January 28, 2014, our board of directors granted a stock
option for 30,000 shares of our common stock to Chih-Hsiang (Thompson)
Lin, a stock option for 5,000 shares of our common stock to Stefan J.
Murry, a stock option for 4,400 shares of our common stock to Hung-Lun
(Fred) Chang and a stock option for 4,400 shares of our common stock to
James L. Dunn, Jr., each with an exercise price of $13.84 per share.

        Each of the stock options described above vest over a four year
period, with 25% of the shares subject to each such option vesting on
the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and one sixth of
the remaining shares vesting on the first day of each succeeding six
month period, in each case subject to the optionee's continued service.
Such vesting is subject to acceleration in the event of our change of
control or the optionee's death, disability or retirement.

**Review, Approval and Ratification of Transactions with Related
Parties**

        Our audit committee charter requires, among other items, that
transactions with directors, officers and holders of five percent or
more of our common stock must be approved by our audit committee.

111

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**PRINCIPAL AND SELLING STOCKHOLDERS  
**

        The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership
information of our common stock as of January 31, 2014, and as adjusted
to reflect the sale of the shares of common stock in this offering, for:

•  
each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of
our common stock outstanding;  
  

•  
each named executive officer;  
  

•  
each of our directors;  
  

•  
all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and  
  

•  
each selling stockholder.

        We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the
rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership
of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or
investment power with respect to those securities and include stock
options and warrants that are immediately exercisable or exercisable
within 60 days. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe,
based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities
named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with
respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them,
subject to applicable community property laws. This information is not
necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose.

        In computing the number of shares of common stock beneficially
owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed
to be outstanding shares of common stock subject to options or warrants
held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within
60 days of January 31, 2014. We did not deem these shares outstanding,
however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any
other person. Beneficial ownership representing less than 1.0% is
denoted with an asterisk (\*).

        Percentage ownership calculations for beneficial ownership
before this offering are based on 12,660,885 shares of common stock
outstanding as of January 31, 2014. Percentage ownership

112

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

calculations for beneficial ownership after this offering also include
1,275,235 shares we are offering hereby.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:85%;margin-left:14%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:14%;">

\(1\)  
Includes (i) 397,852 shares held of record by Techgains Pan Pacific
Corporation, (ii) 225,876 shares held of record by Tekkang Management
Consulting Inc., (iii) 155,883 shares held of record by Techgains
Pacific Century Fund, LP. and (iv) 205,883 shares held of record by
Techgains International Corporation. Mr. Yung Ho Lee has the sole power
to direct investments and/or has the sole power to vote the securities
owned by Techgains Pan Pacific Corporation, Tekkang Management
Consulting Inc., Techgains Pacific Century Fund LP, and Techgains
International Corporation, pursuant to Mr. Lee's position as the sole
director of Techgains Pan Pacific Corporation, the sole director of
Tekkang Management Consulting Inc., the sole director of the sole
general partner of Techgains Pacific Century Fund, LP., and the sole
director of Techgains International Corporation (collectively, the
"Techgains Funds"). The principal address of each of the these entities
is P.O. Box 3321, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. Mr. Lee
disclaims any and all pecuniary interests and beneficial ownership
interests in the shares of our stock held by the Techgains Funds.
Tekkang Management Consulting Inc. is the majority shareholder of
Technology Associates Management Company Ltd., which holds 19,047 shares
of our common stock. Tekkang Management Consulting Inc. does not have
any power, whether by itself or shared with others, to direct
investments or to vote our securities held by Technology Associates
Management Company Ltd. Mr. Lee has no voting or investment control over
the shares held of record by Technology Associates Management
Company Ltd., and each of Mr. Lee and Tekkang Management Consulting Inc.
disclaims any and all pecuniary interests and beneficial ownership
interests in the shares of our stock held by Technology Associates
Management Company Ltd.  
  

\(2\)  
Includes (a) 421,073 shares held of record by Robinhood II, LP,
(b) 244,441 shares held of record by Robinhood III, LP and (c) 4,877
shares held of record by Nancy T. Chang. Ms. Chang resigned as a member
of our

</div>

113

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:14%;">

\(3\)  
Includes stock options to purchase 74,882 shares of common stock that
are exercisable within 60 days of January 31, 2014.  
  

\(4\)  
Includes 5,500 shares of restricted stock units which become fully
vested on April 1, 2014. Also includes 17,664 shares of common stock
held of record by Lina Yeh. Ms. Yeh is Mr. Yeh's spouse.  
  

\(5\)  
Includes 5,500 shares of restricted stock units which become fully
vested on April 1, 2014 and stock options to purchase 1,250 shares of
common stock that are exercisable within 60 days of January 31, 2014.
Also includes 8,162 shares of common stock held of record by Heather
Black. Ms. Black is Mr. Black's spouse.  
  

\(6\)  
Includes 5,500 shares of restricted stock units which become fully
vested on April 1, 2014.  
  

\(7\)  
Includes stock options to purchase 22,560 shares of common stock that
are exercisable within 60 days of January 31, 2014.  
  

\(8\)  
Includes stock options to purchase 29,102 shares of common stock that
are exercisable within 60 days of January 31, 2014.  
  

\(9\)  
Includes stock options to purchase 2,500 shares of common stock that are
exercisable within 60 days of January 31, 2014. On March 6, 2014, Mr.
Dunn exercised such stock options pursuant to a cashless net exercise
based on the closing market price of $25.15 on March 5, 2014, resulting
in the issuance of 1,754 shares to Mr. Dunn.  
  

\(10\)  
Includes (i) stock options to purchase 181,699 shares of common stock
that are exercisable within 60 days of January 31, 2014 and (ii) 27,500
shares of restricted stock units which become fully vested on
April 1, 2014. The number of stock options exercisable within 60 days of
January 31, 2014 includes options to purchase 2,204 shares of common
stock held by David C. Kuo. On March 4, 2014, Mr. Kuo exercised such
stock options pursuant to a cashless net exercise based on the closing
market price of $25.11 on March 3, 2014, resulting in the issuance of
1,623 shares to Mr. Kuo. The number of shares to be sold includes 1,623
shares to be sold by Mr. Kuo. Mr. Kuo is our General Counsel, Vice
President and Secretary.  
  

\(11\)  
None of the selling stockholders are registered broker dealers.  
  

\(12\)  
Victor I. Chang is the sole director of Ocean Elite Limited and has the
sole voting and investment power over the shares held by Ocean Elite
Limited.  
  

\(13\)  
Benjamin C.M. Jen and Yuan-Chi Chao are members of the board of
directors of GRC II Corp. and share voting and investment power over the
shares held by GRC II Corp. Mr. Jen is a former member of our board of
directors and resigned as a member on February 27, 2013.  
  

\(14\)  
Benjamin C.M. Jen, Yuan-Chi Chao, Chia-Chueh Lu, Cheryl Lin and Siamak
Zangeneh Salimpour are members of the board of directors of Grand River
Capital Investment Company Limited and share voting and investment power
over the shares held by Grand River Capital Investment Company Limited.
Mr. Jen is a former member of our board of directors and resigned as a
member on February 27, 2013.  
  

\(15\)  
Includes (i) 102,317 shares held of record by GIZA Venture Fund V (TW)
L.P. and (ii) 91,768 shares held of record by GIZA Venture Fund IV (TW)
L.P. Zeev Holtzman (Chairman), Ori Kirshner (Managing Partner), Zvi
Schechter (Managing Director) and Eyal Niv (Managing Director) share
voting and investment power over the shares held by GIZA Venture
Fund V (TW) L.P. and GIZA Venture Fund IV (TW) L.P.  
  

\(16\)  
Teh-Chien Chou and Chih-Kai (C.K.) Cheng are members of the board of
directors of Budworth Investments Limited and share voting and
investment power over the shares held by Budworth Investments Limited.
Mr. Cheng is a former member of our board of directors and resigned as a
member on February 20, 2013. See "Certain Relationships and Related
Party Transactions-Loans from Stockholders" for more detail on
Mr. Cheng's relationship with our company.  
  

\(17\)  
Raymond Tang, Louise Garbarino and Jill Marie Franklin are members of
the board of directors of Kummell Investments Limited and share voting
and investment power over the shares held by Kummell Investments
Limited.  
  

\(18\)  
Teh-Chien Chou is the President of Harbinger III Venture Capital Corp.
and has voting and investment power over the shares held by
Harbinger III Venture Capital Corp.

</div>

114

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK  
**

**General**

        The following description of our capital stock is intended as a
summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws, which have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.

        Our authorized capital stock consists of 45,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of
undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share.

**Common Stock**

        As of December 31, 2013, there were 12,643,954 shares of our
common stock outstanding and held of record by 358 stockholders. The
actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than the number
of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners,
but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and nominees. The
number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose
shares may be held in trust by other entities. Holders of our common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held of
record for the election of directors and on all matters submitted to a
vote of stockholders. Holders of our common stock are also entitled to
receive dividends ratably, if any, as may be declared by our board of
directors out of legally available funds, subject to any preferential
dividend rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. Upon our
dissolution, liquidation or winding up, holders of our common stock are
entitled to share ratably in our net assets legally available after the
payment of all our debts and other liabilities, subject to the
preferential rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. Holders of
our common stock have no subscription, preemptive, redemption or
conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of
common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the
rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we
may designate and issue in the future. Except with respect to the
election of directors (which is determined by our stockholders by a
plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote on the
election) and as described below in "Provisions of our Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws and Delaware Anti-Takeover Law," a majority
vote of common stockholders is generally required to take action under
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws.

**Preferred Stock**

        Our board of directors is authorized, without action by the
stockholders, to designate and issue up to an aggregate of 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The board of directors
can fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each
series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions. Our
board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with
voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of common stock. The issuance of
preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible
future financings and acquisitions and other corporate purposes could,
under certain circumstances, have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change in control of our company and might harm the market
price of our common stock.

        Our board of directors will make any determination to issue such
shares based on its judgment as to our company's best interests and the
best interests of our stockholders. We have no current plans to issue
any shares of preferred stock.

115

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Warrants**

        As of December 31, 2013, we had outstanding warrants to
purchase:

•  
15,999 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $6.25 per
share.  
  

•  
9,999 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $15.00 per
share.  
  

•  
6,667 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $10.50 per
share.

**Registration Rights**

        There are approximately 1.45 million shares of our common stock
entitled to registration rights, excluding the shares issuable upon the
exercise of warrants for our common stock and assuming that the
underwriters' option is not exercised. The registration rights granted
under these registration rights agreements are subject to conditions and
limitations, including our right to limit the number of shares included
in such a registration upon advisement of the managing underwriter and
our right not to effect a requested registration if the aggregate price
to the public is less than $2,000,000.

*Demand registration rights*

        At any time more than 180 days after our initial public offering
on September 26, 2013, the holders of a majority of the shares of
registrable common stock, subject to exceptions, are entitled to demand
registration of all or any of such shares and require us to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act at our expense.

*S-3 demand registration rights*

        The holders of the shares of registrable common stock, subject
to exceptions, are entitled to demand registration rights pursuant to
which they may require us to file, as soon as practicable, one
registration statement under the Securities Act on Form S-3 in any
12-month period with respect to these shares. We have the ability to
delay the filing of a registration statement under specified conditions,
such as if we are in possession of material non-public information that
would not be in our best interests to disclose.

*Piggyback registration rights*

        If we propose to register any of our securities under the
Securities Act for our own account or the account of any other holder,
the holders of the shares of registrable common stock are entitled to
notice of such registration and are entitled to include these shares in
the registration, subject to exceptions, including our right to limit
the number of shares included in the registration.

        We will pay all registration expenses, other than underwriting
discounts and commissions and certain other expenses (including all fees
and expenses of the consultants, advisors, attorneys, special experts
and other third parties engaged by the holders of the shares of
registrable common stock, and all relevant taxes, including transfer
taxes), related to the foregoing demand, S-3 or piggyback registration
rights. The registration rights agreements contain customary
cross-indemnification provisions, pursuant to which we are obligated to
indemnify the selling stockholders in the event of material
misstatements or omissions in the registration

116

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

statement attributable to us, and they are obligated to indemnify us for
material misstatements or omissions attributable to them.

**Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and Delaware
Anti-Takeover Law**

        Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that may have
the effect of encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers
or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of
directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These
provisions include the items described below.

*Board composition and filling vacancies*

        In accordance with our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, our board of directors is divided into three classes
serving staggered three year terms, with one class being elected each
year. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also
provides that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by
the affirmative vote of the holders of 66²/3% or more of the shares then
entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, any vacancy
on our board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy
resulting from an increase in the size of our board of directors, may
only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors
then in office even if less than a quorum.

*No written consent of stockholders*

        Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that all stockholder actions are required to be taken by a vote of the
stockholders at an annual or special meeting, and that stockholders may
not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting.

*Meetings of stockholders*

        Our amended and restated bylaws provide that only a majority of
the members of our board of directors then in office, the Chairman of
the board of directors or the Chief Executive Officer may call special
meetings of stockholders and only those matters set forth in the notice
of the special meeting may be considered or acted upon at a special
meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws limit the
business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders to
those matters properly brought before the meeting.

*Advance notice requirements*

        Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice
procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the
nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be
brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide
that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to
our corporate secretary before the meeting at which the action is to be
taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal
executive offices not less than 90 days or more than 120 days before the
first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. The
notice must contain certain information specified in our amended and
restated bylaws.

*Amendment to bylaws and certificate of incorporation*

        As required by the Delaware General Corporation Law, any
amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation must
first be approved by a majority of our board of directors

117

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

and, if required by law or our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, thereafter be approved by a majority of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and a majority of the
outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class,
except that the amendment of the provisions relating to stockholder
action, directors, limitation of liability and the amendment of our
amended and restated bylaws and amended and restated certificate of
incorporation must be approved by not less than 66²/3% of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and not less than
66²/3% of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon
as a class. Our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a
majority vote of the directors then in office, subject to any
limitations set forth in the bylaws; and may also be amended by the
affirmative vote of at least 66²/3% of the outstanding shares entitled
to vote on the amendment, or, if the board of directors recommends that
the stockholders approve the amendment, by the affirmative vote of the
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, in
each case voting together as a single class.

*Blank check preferred stock*

        Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The existence of authorized but
unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to
render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of
us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For
example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board
of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the
best interests of us or our stockholders, our board of directors could
cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder
approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that
might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or
insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this regard, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors'
broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and
unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred
stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for
distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also
adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of
these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or
preventing a change in control of us.

*Choice of Forum*

        Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the
exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on
our behalf; (b) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; (c) any
action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware
General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation or our amended or restated bylaws; or (d) any action
asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs
doctrine. However, several lawsuits involving other companies are
currently pending challenging the validity of choice of forum provisions
in certificates of incorporation, and it is possible that a court could
rule that such provision is inapplicable or unenforceable.

**Anti-takeover effects of the Delaware general corporation law**

        We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, or Section 203. In general, Section 203
prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a
"business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a 3-year
period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested
stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed
manner. A "business combination" includes, among

118

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction
resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An
"interested stockholder" is a person who, together with affiliates and
associates, owns, or did own within the three years before the
determination of interested stockholder status, 15% or more of the
corporation's voting stock. Under Section 203, a business combination
between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless
it satisfies one of the following conditions:

•  
before the stockholder became interested, the board of directors
approved either the business combination or the transaction which
resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;  
  

•  
upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at
least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time
the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the
voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and
also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances; or  
  

•  
at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business
combination was approved by the board of directors of the corporation
and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by
the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting
stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder.

**NASDAQ Global Market Listing**

        Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the
trading symbol "AAOI."

**Transfer Agent and Registrar**

        Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acts as the transfer
agent and registrar for our common stock. The transfer agent and
registrar's address is 17 Battery Place, 8^(th) Floor, New York,
New York 10004.

119

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE  
**

        Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the
public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Upon completion
of this offering, we will have outstanding an aggregate of
13,919,189 shares of common stock, assuming the issuance by us of the
1,275,235 shares of common stock offered in this offering and no other
exercise of outstanding options or warrants. Of these shares, (i) the
4,140,000 shares sold in our initial public offering and (ii) the
2,700,000 shares sold in this offering will be freely tradable without
restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for
any shares purchased by our "affiliates," as that term is defined in
Rule 144(a) under the Securities Act, whose sales would be subject to
certain limitations and restrictions described below.

        The remaining 8,275,852 shares of common stock held by existing
stockholders were issued and sold by us in reliance on exemptions from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Of these shares,

•  
approximately 0.2 million shares are eligible for immediate sale;  
  

•  
approximately 6.0 million shares will become eligible for sale on
March 25, 2014 upon the expiration of lock-up agreements executed in
connection with our initial public offering, subject in some cases to
volume and other restrictions of Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities
Act and various vesting agreements; and  
  

•  
approximately 0.9 million shares will be eligible for sale upon the
expiration of 90-day lock-up agreements entered into in connection with
this offering, subject in some cases to volume and other restrictions of
Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act and various vesting
agreements.

        In addition, holders of stock options could exercise such
options and sell certain of the shares issued upon exercise. Of the
1,467,902 shares of common stock that were subject to stock options
outstanding as of December 31, 2013, options to purchase 275,486 shares
were vested as of December 31, 2013.

**Lock-Up Agreements**

        In connection with our initial public offering, we and all
directors and officers, as well as holders of substantially all of our
outstanding stock and stock options (including the selling stockholders)
agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, without the prior written
consent of Raymond James and Piper Jaffray, as representatives on behalf
of the underwriters, we and they would not, until March 25, 2014,
dispose of any shares of our stock or options, warrants or other
securities with respect to our stock, enter into any swap or other
arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of our common stock, or file or cause
to be filed any registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission relating to the offering of any shares of common stock or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common
stock (other than any registration statement on Form S-8). There are no
agreements between Raymond James and Piper Jaffray, as representatives
on behalf of the underwriters, our company and any of our
securityholders or affiliates releasing them from these lock-up
agreements prior to March 25, 2014 except with respect to the shares
being sold in this offering.

120

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        The agreements do not contain any pre-established conditions to
the waiver by Raymond James and Piper Jaffray on behalf of the
underwriters of any terms of the lock-up agreements. Any determination
to release shares subject to the lock-up agreements would be based on a
number of factors at the time of the determination, including but not
necessarily limited to the market price of the common stock, the
liquidity of the trading market for the common stock, general market
conditions, the number of shares proposed to be sold and the timing,
purpose and terms of the proposed sale.

        In addition, in connection with this offering, we and all
directors and officers, and all of the selling stockholders have signed
lock-up agreements under which we and they have agreed not to sell,
transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of our common
stock of any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of our common stock without the prior written consent of
Raymond James and Piper Jaffray for a period of 90 days after the date
of this prospectus. The agreements are subject to certain exceptions as
set forth in the section of this prospectus entitled "Underwriters."

**Rule 144**

        In general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, a person who
is not our affiliate and has not been our affiliate at any time during
the preceding 90 days and who is not a party to a lock-up agreement as
described above will be entitled to sell any shares of our common stock
that such person has beneficially owned for at least six months,
including the holding period of any prior owner other than one of our
affiliates, without regard to manner of sale, volume limitations or
notice provisions of Rule 144. These sales of our common stock by any
such person would be subject to the availability of current public
information about us if the shares to be sold were beneficially owned by
such person for less than one year.

        In addition, under Rule 144, a person may sell shares of our
common stock acquired from us immediately upon the closing of this
offering, without regard to volume limitations or the availability of
public information about us, if:

•  
the person is not our affiliate and has not been our affiliate at any
time during the preceding 90 days; and  
  

•  
the person has beneficially owned the shares to be sold for at least one
year, including the holding period of any prior owner other than one of
our affiliates.

        Subject to the lock-up agreements described above, our
affiliates who have beneficially owned shares of our common stock for at
least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other
than one of our affiliates, will be entitled to sell within any
three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater
of:

•  
1% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding, which
will equal approximately 139,192 shares immediately after this offering;
and  
  

•  
the average weekly trading volume in our common stock on the NASDAQ
Global Market during the four calendar weeks preceding the date of
filing of a Notice of Proposed Sale of Securities Pursuant to Rule 144
with respect to the sale.

        Sales under Rule 144 by our affiliates are also subject to
manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the
availability of current public information about us.

121

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Rule 701**

        Rule 701 of the Securities Act, as in effect on the date of this
prospectus, permits resales of shares in reliance upon Rule 144, but
without compliance with certain restrictions of Rule 144. Most of our
employees, executive officers, directors or consultants who purchased
shares under a written compensatory plan or contract may be entitled to
rely on the resale provisions of Rule 701. Subject to any applicable
lock-up agreements, Rule 701 provides that affiliates may sell their
Rule 701 shares under Rule 144 without complying with the holding
period, public information, volume limitation or notice requirements of
Rule 144.

**Stock Options**

        We filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the
Securities Act to register all shares of common stock subject to
outstanding stock options and common stock issued or issuable under our
stock plans.

**Registration Rights**

        Upon the closing of this offering, no holder of our common stock
will be eligible to exercise rights with respect to the registration of
shares under the Securities Act.

122

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S. HOLDERS  
**

        This section summarizes the material U.S. federal income and
estate tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our common
stock by a non-U.S. holder. For purposes of this summary, a "non-U.S.
holder" is any beneficial owner that for U.S. federal income tax
purposes is not a U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" means:

•  
an individual citizen or resident of the U.S.;  
  

•  
a corporation or entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, created or organized under the laws of the U.S. or any
state, including the District of Columbia, or otherwise treated as such
for U.S. federal income tax purposes;  
  

•  
an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless
of source; or  
  

•  
a trust (i) whose administration is subject to the primary supervision
of a court within the U.S. and which has one or more U.S. persons who
have authority to control all substantive decisions of the trust or
(ii) which has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury
regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.

        Generally, an individual may be treated as a resident of the
U.S. in any calendar year for U.S. federal income tax purposes by, among
other ways, being present in the U.S. for at least 31 days in that
calendar year and for an aggregate of at least 183 days during a
three-year period ending in the current calendar year. For purposes of
this calculation, such individual would count all of the days in which
the individual was present in the current year, one-third of the days
present in the immediately preceding year, and one-sixth of the days
present in the second preceding year. Residents are taxed for U.S.
federal income tax purposes as if they were citizens of the U.S.

        This summary does not consider the tax consequences for
partnerships, entities classified as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, or persons who hold their interests through a
partnership or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. If a partnership, including any entity treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is a beneficial owner
of common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will
depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the
partnership. Partnerships that are beneficial owners of our common
stock, and partners in such partnerships, should consult their tax
advisors regarding the tax consequences to them of the ownership and
disposition of our common stock.

        This summary applies only to non-U.S. holders who acquire our
common stock pursuant to this offering and who hold our common stock as
a capital asset (generally property held for investment). This summary
generally does not address tax considerations that may be relevant to
particular investors because of their specific circumstances, or because
they are subject to special rules. Certain former U.S. citizens or
long-term residents, controlled foreign corporations, passive foreign
investment companies, corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid
U.S. federal income tax, life insurance companies, tax-exempt
organizations, dealers in securities or currencies, brokers, banks or
other financial institutions, certain trusts, hybrid entities, pension
funds and investors that hold our common stock as part of a hedge,
straddle or conversion transaction are among those categories of
potential investors that are subject to special rules not covered in
this discussion. This summary does not address any U.S. federal gift tax
consequences, or state or local or non-U.S. tax consequences. This
summary does not provide a complete analysis of all potential tax
considerations. The information provided below is based

123

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

on existing authorities. These authorities may change, or the Internal
Revenue Service, or IRS, might interpret the existing authorities
differently. In either case, the tax considerations of owning or
disposing of common stock could differ from those described below.

        INVESTORS CONSIDERING THE PURCHASE OF COMMON STOCK SHOULD
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S.
FEDERAL INCOME AND ESTATE TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AND
THE CONSEQUENCES OF OTHER U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, OR LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAWS
AND ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATIES.

**Dividends**

        Payments of cash and other property that we make to our
shareholders with respect to our common stock will constitute dividends
to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits,
as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. To the extent
those dividends exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits,
the dividends will constitute a return of capital and will first reduce
a holder's basis, but not below zero, and then will be treated as gain
from the sale of stock.

        The gross amount of any dividend (out of earnings and profits)
paid to a non-U.S. holder of common stock generally will be subject to
U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30% unless the holder is entitled to
an exemption from or reduced rate of withholding under an applicable
income tax treaty. In order to receive an exemption or a reduced treaty
rate, prior to the payment of a dividend, a non-U.S. holder must provide
us with an IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form) certifying qualification
for the exemption or reduced rate.

        Dividends received by a non-U.S. holder that are effectively
connected with a U.S. trade or business conducted by the non-U.S. holder
(and dividends attributable to a non-U.S. holder's permanent
establishment in the U.S. if an income tax treaty applies) are exempt
from this withholding tax. To obtain this exemption, prior to the
payment of a dividend, a non-U.S. holder must provide us with an IRS
Form W-8ECI (or successor form) properly certifying this exemption.
Effectively connected dividends (or dividends attributable to a
permanent establishment in the U.S. if an income tax treaty applies),
although not subject to withholding tax, are taxed at the same graduated
rates applicable to U.S. persons, net of certain deductions and credits.
In addition, dividends received by a corporate non-U.S. holder that are
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the corporate
non-U.S. holder (or dividends attributable to a corporate non-U.S.
holder's permanent establishment in the U.S. if an income tax treaty
applies) may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30%
(or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax
treaty).

        A non-U.S. holder who provides us with an IRS Form W-8BEN or an
IRS Form W-8ECI will be required to periodically update such form.

        A non-U.S. holder of common stock that is eligible for a reduced
rate of withholding tax pursuant to an income tax treaty may obtain a
refund of any excess amounts currently withheld if an appropriate claim
for refund is timely filed with the IRS.

124

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Gain on Disposition of Common Stock**

        A non-U.S. holder will generally not be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on any gains realized on the sale, exchange or other
disposition of common stock unless:

•  
the gain is effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the
non-U.S. holder (or attributable to a permanent establishment in the
U.S. if an income tax treaty applies), in which case the non-U.S. holder
generally will be required to pay tax on the net gain derived from the
sale under regular graduated U.S. federal income tax rates and, if the
non-U.S. holder is a corporation, the branch profits tax may apply, at a
30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income
tax treaty;  
  

•  
the non-U.S. holder is an individual who is present in the U.S. for a
period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the calendar year
in which the sale or disposition occurs and certain other conditions are
met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be required to pay a flat
30% tax (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income
tax treaty between the U.S. and such non-U.S. holder's country of
residence) on the net gain derived from the disposition, which tax may
be offset by U.S. source capital losses, if any, provided that the
non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with
respect to such losses; or  
  

•  
our common stock constitutes a U.S. real property interest by reason of
our status as a "U.S. real property holding corporation" for U.S.
federal income tax purposes at any time within the shorter of the
five-year period preceding the disposition or the holder's holding
period for our common stock. We believe that we are not currently, and
we are not likely to become, a "U.S. real property holding corporation"
for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

        If we become a U.S. real property holding corporation after this
offering, so long as our common stock is regularly traded on an
established securities market and continues to be so traded, a non-U.S.
holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on gain recognized
from the sale, exchange or other disposition of shares of our common
stock as a result of such status unless (i) such holder actually or
constructively owned more than 5% of our common stock at any time during
the shorter of (A) the five-year period preceding the disposition, or
(B) the holder's holding period for our common stock, and (ii) we were a
U.S. real property holding corporation at any time during such period
when the more than 5% ownership test was met. If any gain on your
disposition is taxable because we are a U.S. real property holding
corporation and your ownership of our common stock exceeds 5%, you will
be taxed on such disposition generally in the manner applicable to U.S.
persons. Any such non-U.S. holder that owns or has owned, actually or
constructively, more than 5% of our common stock is urged to consult
that holder's own tax advisor with respect to the particular tax
consequences to such holder for the gain from the sale, exchange or
other disposition of shares of our common stock if we were to be or to
become a U.S. real property holding corporation.

**Backup Withholding and Information Reporting**

        Generally, we must report annually to the IRS the amount of
dividends paid, the name and address of the recipient, and the amount,
if any, of tax withheld. A similar report is sent to the recipient.
Pursuant to tax treaties or other agreements, the IRS may make its
reports available to tax authorities in the non-U.S. holder's country of
residence.

125

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        Payments of dividends or of proceeds on the disposition of stock
made to a non-U.S. holder may be subject to additional information
reporting and backup withholding. Backup withholding will not apply if
the non-U.S. holder establishes an exemption, for example, by properly
certifying its non-U.S. person status on an IRS Form W-8BEN (or
successor form). Notwithstanding the foregoing, backup withholding may
apply if either we or our paying agent has actual knowledge, or reason
to know, that the holder is a U.S. person.

        Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the U.S.
federal income tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding
will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in
an overpayment of taxes, a credit or refund may be obtained from the
IRS, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS in a
timely manner.

**Legislation Relating to Foreign Accounts**

        Under legislation enacted in 2010, a 30% U.S. federal
withholding tax will be imposed on dividends on stock of U.S.
corporations, and on the gross proceeds from the disposition of such
stock, paid to a "foreign financial institution" (as specially defined
for this purpose), unless such institution enters into an agreement with
the U.S. Treasury to collect and provide to the U.S. Treasury
substantial information regarding its U.S. account holders and certain
account holders that are foreign entities with U.S. owners. A 30% U.S.
federal withholding tax will also apply to dividends paid on stock of
U.S. corporations and on the gross proceeds from the disposition of such
stock paid to a non-financial foreign entity unless such entity provides
the withholding agent with a certification that it does not have any
substantial U.S. owners or a certification identifying the direct and
indirect substantial U.S. owners of the entity. The withholding taxes
described above generally will apply to dividend payments made after
December 31, 2013 and payments of gross proceeds made after December 31,
2016. Under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. holder may be eligible for
refunds or credits of such withholding taxes. Investors are urged to
consult with their own tax advisors regarding the possible application
of these rules to their investment in our common stock.

**U.S. Federal Estate Tax**

        The estates of nonresident alien individuals are generally
subject to U.S. federal estate tax on property with a U.S. situs.
Because we are a U.S. corporation, our common stock will be U.S. situs
property and therefore will be included in the taxable estate of a
nonresident alien decedent. The U.S. federal estate tax liability of the
estate of a nonresident alien may be affected by a tax treaty between
the U.S. and the decedent's country of residence.

126

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**UNDERWRITING  
**

        Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Co. are
acting as representatives of each of the underwriters named below.
Subject to the conditions set forth in an underwriting agreement among
us, the selling stockholders and the underwriters, we have agreed to
sell to the underwriters, and each of the underwriters has agreed,
severally and not jointly, to purchase from us the number of shares of
our common stock set forth opposite its name below:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        The underwriters are offering the shares of common stock subject
to their acceptance of the shares from us and subject to prior sale. The
underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the several
underwriters to pay for and accept delivery of the shares of common
stock offered by this prospectus are subject to the approval of certain
legal matters by their counsel and to certain other conditions. The
underwriters are obligated to take and pay for all of the shares of
common stock offered by this prospectus if any such shares are taken.
However, the underwriters are not required to take or pay for the shares
covered by the underwriters' option described below. The underwriting
agreement also provides that if an underwriter defaults, the purchase
commitments of non-defaulting underwriters may be increased or the
offering may be terminated.

        The underwriters initially propose to offer part of the shares
of common stock directly to the public at the offering price listed on
the cover page of this prospectus and part to certain dealers at that
price less a concession not in excess of $         per share. After the
initial offering of the shares of common stock, the offering price and
other selling terms may be changed by the underwriters. Sales of shares
made outside of the U.S. may be made by affiliates of the underwriters.

**Option to Purchase Additional Shares of Common Stock**

        We have granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for
30 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to 405,000
additional shares of common stock at the public offering price listed on
the cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting discounts and
commissions. To the extent the option is exercised, each underwriter
will become obligated, subject to certain conditions, to purchase
approximately the same percentage of the additional shares of common
stock as the number listed next to the underwriter's name in the
preceding table bears to the total number of shares of common stock
listed next to the names of all underwriters in the preceding table.

**Discounts and Expenses**

        The following table shows the per share and total public
offering price, underwriting discounts and commissions, and proceeds
before expenses to us and the selling stockholders.

127

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of
the underwriters' option to purchase up to an additional shares of
common stock.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        The estimated offering expenses payable by us, exclusive of the
underwriting discounts and commissions, are approximately $0.6 million.
We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain fees and
expenses of the underwriters' legal counsel, up to $10,000, which
includes FINRA-related fees and expenses.

**Indemnification**

        We and the selling stockholders have agreed to indemnify the
underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act.

**Lock-Up Agreements**

        In connection with our initial public offering, all of our
directors and officers and the holders of substantially all of our
outstanding stock and stock options (including the selling stockholders)
entered into and are subject to lock-up agreements which will terminate
on March 25, 2014. The terms of such lock-up agreements are
substantially similar to the terms of the lock-up agreements entered
into in connection with this offering, as described below.

        In connection with this offering, subject to specified
exceptions, we and all directors and officers, and the selling
stockholders have agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, without
the prior written consent of Raymond James and Piper Jaffray as
representatives on behalf of the underwriters, we and they will not,
during the period ending 90 days after the date of the final prospectus
relating to this offering:

•  
offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, grant any option to purchase,
contract to purchase or purchase any option or contract to sell, grant
any option, right or warrant, lend, make any short sale or otherwise
transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of our stock
or options, warrants or other securities with respect to our stock;  
  

•  
enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in
whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of our
common stock; or  
  

•  
file or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission relating to the offering of any shares of common
stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for common stock (other than any registration statement on Form S-8).

128

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        The preceding restrictions apply without regard to whether any
such transaction described above is to be settled by delivery of common
stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise. In addition, we and
each such person agree that, without the prior written consent of the
representatives, we and each such person will not, during the period
ending 90 days after the date of this prospectus, make any demand for,
or exercise any right with respect to, the registration of any shares of
common stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for common stock.

        The restrictions described in the immediately preceding
paragraph do not apply to:

•  
the sale of shares to the underwriters pursuant to the underwriting
agreement;  
  

•  
the grant or exercise of options pursuant to our existing stock option
plans;  
  

•  
transfers of shares of common stock or any security convertible into
common stock as a bona fide gift;  
  

•  
transfers of shares of common stock or any security convertible into
common stock by will or intestate succession or to any trust for the
direct or indirect benefit of the stockholder or immediate family of the
stockholder; or  
  

•  
the establishment of a trading plan designed to comply with
Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of
common stock;

provided that in the case of any transfer or distribution as described
in the second, third or fourth bullet points above, (i) each recipient
or transferee agrees to be subject to the restrictions described in the
immediately preceding paragraph, and (ii) no public announcement or
filing under the Exchange Act with respect to such transfer shall be
required or voluntarily made during the restricted period under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial
ownership of shares of common stock (other than a filing on a Form 5,
Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G (or 13D/A or 13G/A) made after the
expiration of the restricted period referred to above).

        The 90 day restricted period described in the preceding
paragraph will be extended if, during any period that we are not an
emerging growth company:

•  
during the last 17 days of the 90 day restricted period we issue an
earnings release or material news event relating to us occurs, or  
  

•  
prior to the expiration of the 90 day restricted period, we announce
that we will release earnings results during the 16-day period beginning
on the last day of the 180 day period, in which case the restrictions
described in the preceding paragraph will continue to apply until the
expiration of the 18-day period beginning on the issuance of the
earnings release or the announcement of the material news or material
event.

**Stabilization**

        Until this offering is completed, rules of the SEC may limit the
ability of the underwriters and various selling group members to bid for
and purchase the shares of our common stock. As an exception to these
rules and in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act, the
underwriters may engage in activities that stabilize, maintain or
otherwise affect the price of our common stock in order to facilitate
the offering of the common stock, including: short sales;

129

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

syndicate covering transactions; imposition of penalty bids; and
purchases to cover positions created by short sales.

        Stabilizing transactions may include making short sales of
shares of our common stock, which involve the sale by the underwriters
of a greater number of shares than it is required to purchase in this
offering and purchasing shares of common stock from us by exercising the
option or in the open market to cover positions created by short sales.
Short sales may be "covered" shorts, which are short positions in an
amount not greater than the underwriters' option referred to above, or
may be "naked" shorts, which are short positions in excess of that
amount.

        Each underwriter may close out any covered short position either
by exercising its option, in whole or in part, or by purchasing shares
of common stock in the open market after the distribution has been
completed. In making this determination, each underwriter will consider,
among other things, the price of shares of our common stock available
for purchase in the open market compared to the price at which the
underwriter may purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to the
underwriters' option.

        A naked short position is more likely to be created if the
underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the
price of shares of our common stock in the open market after pricing
that could adversely affect investors who purchased in this offering. To
the extent that the underwriters create a naked short position, they
will purchase shares of our common stock in the open market to cover the
position after the pricing of this offering.

        The underwriters also may impose a penalty bid on selling group
members. This means that if the underwriters purchase shares of our
common stock in the open market in stabilizing transactions or to cover
short sales, the underwriters can require the selling group members that
sold those shares as part of this offering to repay the selling
concession received by them.

        As a result of these activities, the price of shares of our
common stock may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in
the open market. If the underwriters commence these activities, they may
discontinue them without notice at any time. The underwriters may carry
out these transactions on the NASDAQ Global Market or otherwise.

        The underwriters are not required to engage in these activities
and may end any of these activities at any time.

**Relationships**

        Certain of the underwriters and their affiliates may provide
from time to time in the future certain commercial banking, financial
advisory, investment banking and other services for us and such
affiliates, and for the selling stockholders and their affiliates, in
the ordinary course of their business, for which they will receive
customary fees and commissions, as applicable, and reimbursement for
out-of-pocket expenses. In addition, from time to time, certain of the
underwriters and their affiliates may effect transactions for their own
account or the account of customers, and hold on behalf of themselves or
their customers, long or short positions in our debt or equity
securities or loans, and may do so in the future.

**Listing**

        Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the
symbol "AAOI."

130

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Electronic Prospectus**

        A prospectus in electronic format may be available on the
Internet sites or through other online services maintained by one or
more of the underwriters and selling group members participating in this
offering, or by their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors
may view offering terms online and, depending upon the underwriter or
the selling group member, prospective investors may be allowed to place
orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific
number of shares of common stock for sale to online brokerage account
holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by
the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations.

        Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information
on any underwriter's or any selling group member's website and any
information contained in any other website maintained by the
underwriters or any selling group member is not part of this prospectus
or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has
not been approved or endorsed by us or any underwriters or any selling
group member in its capacity as underwriter or selling group member and
should not be relied upon by investors.

**Selling Restrictions**

        Other than in the U.S. and as described below, no action has
been taken by us or the underwriters that would permit a public offering
of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus in any
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. The shares of
common stock offered by this prospectus may not be offered or sold,
directly or indirectly, nor may this prospectus or any other offering
material or advertisements in connection with the offer and sale of any
such shares of common stock be distributed or published in any
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance
with the applicable rules and regulations of that jurisdiction. Persons
into whose possession this prospectus comes are advised to inform
themselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to the
offering and the distribution of this prospectus. This prospectus does
not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any
shares of common stock offered by this prospectus in any jurisdiction in
which such an offer or a solicitation is unlawful.

*European Economic Area*

        In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area
which has implemented the Prospectus Directive, each a Member State,
each underwriter has represented and agreed that with effect from and
including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in
that Member State it has not made and will not make an offer of
securities to the public in that Member State, except that it may, with
effect from and including such date, make an offer of securities to the
public in that Member State:

•  
at any time to legal entities which are authorized or regulated to
operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated,
whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities;  
  

•  
at any time to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average
of at least 250 employees during the last financial year; (2) a total
balance sheet of more than €43,000,000 and (3) an annual net turnover of
more than €50,000,000, as shown in its last annual or consolidated
accounts;

131

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
to fewer than 100 natural or legal persons (other than qualified
investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive) subject to obtaining
the prior consent of the book-running managers for any such offer; or  
  

•  
at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the
publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Directive.

        For the purposes of the above, the expression "offer of
securities to the public" in relation to any securities in any Member
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the
securities, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any
measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Member State, and
the expression Prospectus Directive means Directive 2003/71/EC and
includes any relevant implementing measure in that Member State.

*Israel*

        In the State of Israel, the shares offered hereby may not be
offered to any person or entity other than the following, all of whom
must acquire the securities for their own account and not for purposes
of distribution and/or sale to others:

•  
a fund for joint investments in trust (i.e., mutual fund), as such term
is defined in the Law for Joint Investments in Trust, 5754-1994, or a
management company of such a fund;  
  

•  
a provident fund as defined in the Control of Financial Services law
(Provident Funds), 5765-2005;  
  

•  
an insurer, as defined under the Insurance Business (Control) Law
5741-1981;  
  

•  
a banking entity or satellite entity, as such terms are defined in the
Banking Law (Licensing), 5741-1981, other than a joint services company,
acting for their own account or for the account of investors of the type
listed in Section 15A(b) of the Securities Law 1968;  
  

•  
a portfolio manager, as such term is defined in Section 8(b) of the Law
for the Regulation of Investment Advisors and Portfolio Managers,
5755-1995, acting on its own account or for the account of investors of
the type listed in Section 15A(b) of the Securities Law 1968;  
  

•  
an investment advisor, as such term is defined in Section 7(c) of the
Law for the Regulation of Investment Advisors and Portfolio Managers,
5755-1995, acting on its own account;  
  

•  
a member of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, acting on its own account or
for the account of investors of the type listed in Section 15A(b) of the
Securities Law 1968;  
  

•  
an underwriter fulfilling the conditions of Section 56(c) of the
Securities Law 1968, purchasing for itself;  
  

•  
a venture capital fund (defined as an entity primarily involved in
investments in companies which, at the time of investment, (i) are
primarily engaged in research and

132

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

•  
a corporation primarily engaged in capital markets activities and which
is wholly owned by investors listed in Section 15A(b) of the Securities
Laws 1968.

*Switzerland*

        The shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will
not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange ("SIX") or on any other stock
exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has
been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance
prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of
Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under
art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other
stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither
this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to
the shares or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made
publicly available in Switzerland.

        Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing
material relating to the offering, the Company, the shares have been or
will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In
particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of
shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of shares has not been and will
not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment
Schemes ("CISA"). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of
interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not
extend to acquirers of shares.

*United Kingdom*

        This prospectus and any other material in relation to the shares
described herein is only being distributed to, and is only directed at,
(i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom, (ii) investment
professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended, or the
Order, or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it
may be lawfully communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of
the Order (all such persons together being referred to as relevant
persons). The shares are only available to, and any invitation, offer or
agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such shares will be engaged
in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are
confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in
whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other person in the
United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant
person should not act or rely on this prospectus or any of its contents.

133

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**LEGAL MATTERS  
**

        The validity of the common stock offered by this prospectus will
be passed upon for us by DLA Piper LLP (US), Houston, Texas. Certain
legal matters will be passed upon for the underwriters by Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, Austin, Texas.

  
**EXPERTS  
**

        The consolidated financial statements of Applied
Optoelectronics, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and
2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, included in this
prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so
included in reliance upon the report of Grant Thornton LLP, independent
registered public accountants, upon the authority of said firm as
experts in accounting and auditing in giving said report.

  
**WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION  
**

        We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1
under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock we
are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of
the information included in the registration statement. For further
information pertaining to us and our common stock, you should refer to
the registration statement and to its exhibits. Whenever we make
reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or
other documents, the references are not necessarily complete, and you
should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for
copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document.

        We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange
Act and are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our
SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at
the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any
document we file with the SEC, including the registration statement of
which this prospectus is a part, at its public reference facility at 100
F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549.

        You may also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates
by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the operation of the public reference facilities.

134

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
**

The Board of Directors and Stockholders  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc.:

        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries
(the "Company") as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in
shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2013. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

        We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis
for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

        In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP

Houston, Texas  
March 6, 2014

F-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  
(in thousands, except per share data)  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements.

F-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  
(in thousands, except share and per share data)  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements.

F-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
  
(in thousands)  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements.

F-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)**

**Years ended December 2011, 2012 and 2013**

**(in thousands)**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:54%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements.

F-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  
(in thousands)  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements.

F-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
**

**NOTE A—ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS**

        Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. ("AOI" or the "Company") was
incorporated in the State of Texas on February 28, 1997. The Company is
a leading, vertically integrated provider of fiber-optic networking
products, primarily for three networking end-markets: cable television,
fiber-to-the-home and internet data centers. The Company designs and
manufactures a range of optical communications products at varying
levels of integration, from components, subassemblies and modules to
complete turn-key equipment.

        Prime World International Holdings, Ltd. ("Prime World") is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands on January 13, 2006. Prime World is the parent company of
Global Technology, Inc. ("Global"). Global was established in June 2002
in the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and was acquired by Prime
World on March 30, 2006. The Company also operates a division,
AOI—Taiwan, which is qualified to do business in Taiwan and primarily
manufactures transceivers and performs research and development
activities.

**NOTE B—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES**

1.     *Basis of Presentation*

        The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and are prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (GAAP). All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.

2.     *Use of Estimates*

        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported. Actual results could differ from those estimates in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Significant estimates and assumptions that impact these financial
statements relate to, among other things, allowance for doubtful
accounts, inventory reserve, share-based compensation expense, estimated
useful lives of property and equipment, and taxes.

3.     *Foreign Currency Translation*

        All assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are
translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate as of the balance
sheet date. Revenue and expense accounts are translated at
weighted-average rates for the reporting period. Translation adjustments
do not impact the results of operations and are reported as a separate
component of stockholders' equity. Foreign currency transaction gains
and losses are included in the consolidated statements of operations.

4.     *Fair Value*

        The carrying value of cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and note receivable
approximate their historical fair values due to their short-term
maturities. The carrying value of the debt approximates its fair value
due to the

F-8

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE B—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)**

short-term nature of the debt since it renews frequently at current
interest rates. Management believes that the interest rates in effect at
each year end represent the current market rates for similar borrowings.

5.     *Cash and Cash Equivalents*

        The Company considers all highly liquid securities with an
original maturity of ninety days or less from the date of purchase to be
cash equivalents. Cash in foreign accounts was approximately
$6.6 million and $1.1 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.

        The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents at U.S.
financial institutions for which the combined account balances in
individual institutions may exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
("FDIC") insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration
of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance
coverage. As of December 31, 2013, approximately $16.0 million of U.S.
deposits were not covered by FDIC insurance. The Company has not
experienced any losses and believes it is not exposed to any significant
risk with such accounts.

6.     *Restricted Cash/Compensating Balances*

        The Company is required to maintain a compensation deposit equal
to 30% of its bank acceptance notes to vendors with a China bank. The
Company's Taiwan subsidiary also uses time deposits for customs
guarantee. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the amount of restricted
cash was $0.8 million and $0.5 million, respectively.

7.     *Short-Term Investments*

        The Company invests its excess cash in bank certificates of
deposit. As of December 31, 2013, the Company invested $8.0 million in
certificates of deposit in RMB currencies with Taiwan banks. The
maturity dates range from 6 months to 12 months.

        The Company arranged a revolving line of credit agreement with
the same Taiwan bank by pledging 100% of its certificates of deposit. As
of December 31, 2013, the pledged certificate of deposit for such
arrangement amount is $4.0 million.

8.     *Accounts Receivable/Allowance for Doubtful Accounts*

        The Company carries its accounts receivable at the net amount
that it estimates to be collectible. An allowance for uncollectable
accounts is maintained through a charge against operations. The
allowance is determined by management review of outstanding amounts per
customer, historical payments and the aging of accounts.

F-9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE B—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)**

9.     *Bank Acceptance Receivable*

        The Company carries its bank acceptance receivables at face
value or discounted value if they are not interest bearing. The maturity
date of the receivables are all within one year of the original issuance
date and are carried at face value.

10.  *Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers*

        Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk include cash, cash equivalents and
accounts receivable. The Company places all cash and cash equivalents
with high-credit quality financial institutions.

        The Company performs ongoing credit valuations of its customers'
financial condition whenever deemed necessary and generally does not
require deposits or collateral to support customer receivables. The
historical amount of losses on uncollectible accounts has been within
the Company's estimates. The Company generates much of its revenue from
a limited number of customers. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, its top ten
customers represented 76.9%, 77.6% and 76.6% of its revenue,
respectively. In 2013, Cisco Systems, Inc. represented 21.8% of its
revenue, Amazon represented 18.2% of its revenue and Biogenomics Corp.,
a distributor, represented 8.7% of its total revenue. The five largest
receivable balances for customers represented an aggregate of 66%, and
58% of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.

11.  *Fair Value Accounting*

        The fair value measurement standard defines fair value as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. The standard characterizes inputs used in determining
fair value according to a hierarchy that prioritized inputs based on the
degree to which they are observable. The three levels of the fair value
hierarchy are as follows:

        Assets and liabilities that are required to be fair valued on a
recurring basis include money market funds, marketable securities,
equity instruments and contingent consideration.

F-10

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE B—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)**

        Money market funds are valued with Level 1 inputs, using quoted
market prices, and are included in cash and cash equivalents on the
Company's consolidated balance sheets.

12.  *Inventories*

        Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (average-cost
method) or market. Work in process and finished goods includes
materials, labor and allocated overhead. The Company assesses the
valuation of its inventory on a periodic basis and provides write-offs
for the value of estimated excess and obsolete inventory based on
estimates of future demand.

13.  *Property, Plant and Equipment*

        Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of
accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company calculates
depreciation using the straight-line method over the following estimated
useful lives:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Major improvements are capitalized and expenditures for
maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Construction in
progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction or
being installed. Costs include original cost, installation, construction
and other direct costs which include interest on borrowings used to
finance the asset. Construction in progress is transferred to the
appropriate fixed asset account and depreciation commences when the
asset has been substantially completed and placed in service.

        Land use rights allow the Company rights for 50 years to certain
land in Ningbo, China on which the Company built a facility that
included office space, manufacturing operations and employee
dormitories. The land use rights are recorded at cost and are amortized
on the straight-line basis over the useful life of the related contract.
The land use rights expire on October 7, 2054.

14.  *Intangible Assets*

        Intangible assets consist of intellectual property that is
stated at cost less accumulated amortization. As of December 31, 2013,
the Company had 113 total patents issued. The costs

F-11

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE B—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)**

incurred to obtain such patents have been capitalized and are being
amortized over an estimated life of 20 years. The Company periodically
evaluates its intangible assets to determine whether events or changes
in circumstances indicate that a patent or trademark may not be
applicable to the Company's current products or is no longer in use. If
such a determination is made, the intangible asset is impaired and the
remaining value of the patent or trademark will be expensed at that
time.

15.  *Impairment of Long-Lived Assets*

        The Company accounts for impairment of long-lived assets in
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 360,
*Property, Plant and Equipment*, ("ASC 360"). Long-lived assets consist
primarily of property, plant and equipment. In accordance with ASC 360,
the Company periodically evaluates long-lived assets whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. When triggering event indicators are present,
the Company obtains appraisals on an asset by asset basis, and will
recognize an impairment loss when the sum of the appraised values is
less than the carrying amounts of such assets. The appraised values,
based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections, require
subjective judgments. Depending on the assumptions and estimates used,
the appraised values projected in the evaluation of long-lived assets
can vary within a range of outcomes. The appraisals consider the
likelihood of possible outcomes in determining the best estimate for the
value of the assets.

        The measurement for such an impairment loss is then based on the
fair value of the asset as determined by the appraisals.

16.  *Comprehensive Income*

        ASC 220, *Comprehensive Income*, ("ASC 220") establishes rules
for reporting and display of comprehensive income and its components.
ASC 220 requires that unrealized gains and losses on the Company's
foreign currency translation adjustments be included in comprehensive
income.

17.  *Share-based Compensation*

        The Company accounts for share-based compensation in accordance
with the provisions of ASC 718, *Compensation—Stock Compensation*.
Share-based compensation expense is recognized based on the estimated
grant date fair value, net of an estimated forfeiture rate, in order to
recognize compensation cost for those shares expected to vest.
Compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period of the options.

18.  *Revenue Recognition*

        The Company derives revenue from the manufacture and sale of
fiber-optic networking products. Revenue recognition follows the
criteria of ASC 605, *Revenue Recognition*. Specifically, the Company
recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence exists of an arrangement
with a customer, usually in the form of a customer purchase order;
delivery to a

F-12

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE B—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)**

third party carrier has occurred; title and risk of loss have
transferred to the customer; the price is fixed or determinable;
collectability is reasonably assured and there are no uncertainties with
respect to customer acceptance. The Company may offer units (samples) to
current and potential customers at no charge for evaluation or
qualification purposes. Such sample units are expensed as selling or
research and development costs when shipped.

19.  *Advertising Costs*

        Advertising costs are charged to operations as incurred and
amounted to approximately $121,000, $80,000 and $104,000 for the years
ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

20.  *Research and Development*

        Research and development costs are charged to operations as
incurred. The Company receives reimbursement for certain development
costs, which are capitalized when incurred, up to the reimbursable
amount.

21.  *Income Taxes*

        The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the
provisions of ASC 740, *Income Taxes*. The liability method is used to
account for deferred income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates and
laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to
reverse. The realizability of deferred tax assets are evaluated annually
and a valuation allowance is provided if it is unlikely that the
deferred tax assets will not give rise to future benefits in the
Company's tax returns.

        Uncertain tax provisions are recorded at their net recognizable
amount, based on the amount of tax, interest and penalties that
management deems is more likely than not to be sustained upon settlement
with the tax authorities in the domestic and international jurisdictions
in which the Company operates. The Company records tax-related interest
and penalties as a component of income tax expense.

22.  *Supplemental Cash Flow Information*

        During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, $0.8 million
and $1.1 million in aggregate principal amount of the convertible
shareholder notes was converted by the holders, respectively. Upon
conversion, 72,381 shares and 60,556 shares of Series G Preferred Stock
were issued to the holders, respectively.

23.  *New Accounting Standards Adopted in this Report*

*        ASU 2011-04.*    In May 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-04,
*Fair Value Measurement* (Topic 820): *Amendments to Achieve Common Fair
Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRS*.
This ASU represents the converged guidance of the FASB and the IASB on
measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value

F-13

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE B—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)**

measurements. The amendments in this ASU clarify the board of directors'
intent about the application of existing fair value measurement and
disclosure requirements and changes particular principles or
requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information
about fair value measurements. ASU 2011-04 is effective prospectively
for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2011. The Company adopted the provisions of ASU 2011-04 on January 1,
2012, and the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact
on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.

24.  *Reverse Stock Split*

        On May 1, 2013, the Company's board of directors approved, and
holders of the requisite number of outstanding shares of our capital
stock approved on May 21, 2013, an amendment to our certificate of
incorporation to effect a reverse stock split with respect to our
securities. Based on the prior board and stockholder approvals, on
August 16, 2013 the Company's board of directors determined that the
ratio for the reverse stock split would be 30-to-one. The reverse stock
split was effected on August 20, 2013, the date that the amendment to
our certificate of incorporation was filed with the Delaware Secretary
of State. The reverse stock split is reflected in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and related notes on a retroactive
basis for all periods presented.

**NOTE C—EARNINGS PER SHARE**

        Basic net loss per share has been computed using the
weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Diluted net loss per share has been computed using the
weighted-average number of shares of common stock and dilutive potential
common shares from options, restricted stock units and warrants
outstanding during the period. In periods with net losses, normally
dilutive shares become anti-dilutive. Therefore, basic and dilutive
earnings per share are the same.

        The following table presents the calculation of basic and
diluted EPS:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-14

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE C—EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)**

        The following potentially dilutive securities were excluded from
the computation of diluted net loss per share as their effect would have
been antidilutive:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

**NOTE D—INVENTORIES**

        At December 31, 2013 and 2012, inventories consisted of the
following:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the lower
of cost or market adjustment expensed for inventory was $0.5 million,
$0.9 million and $1.6 million, respectively.

F-15

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE E—PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT**

        At December 31, 2013 and 2012, property, plant and equipment
consisted of the following:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
depreciation expense of property, plant and equipment was $3.3 million
$2.9 million and $3.1 million, respectively.

**NOTE F—INTANGIBLE ASSETS**

        At December 31, 2013 and 2012, intangible assets consisted of
the following:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

   

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-16

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE F—INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)**

        For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
amortization expense for intangible assets, included in general and
administrative expenses on the income statement, was $68,000 $60,000 and
$46,000, respectively. The remaining weighted average amortization
period for intangible assets is approximately 12 years.

        At December 31, 2013, approximate amortization expense for
intangible assets was as follows (in thousands):

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|            |     |     |     |     |
|------------|-----|-----|-----|-----|
|            |     |     |     |     |
| 2014       |     | $   | 68  |     |
| 2015       |     |     | 68  |     |
| 2016       |     |     | 68  |     |
| 2017       |     |     | 68  |     |
| 2018       |     |     | 68  |     |
| Thereafter |     |     | 511 |     |
|            |     |     |     |     |
| ​           | ​    | ​    | ​    | ​    |
|            |     | $   | 851 |     |
|            |     |     |     |     |
| ​           | ​    | ​    | ​    | ​    |
| ​           | ​    | ​    | ​    | ​    |
|            |     |     |     |     |

</div>

</div>

**NOTE G—FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS**

        The following table presents a summary of the Company's
financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
December 31, 2013 (in thousands):

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:67%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE G—FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)**

        The following table presents a summary of the Company's
financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
December 31, 2012 (in thousands):

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:67%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-18

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE H—NOTES PAYABLE AND LONG-TERM DEBT**

        Notes payable and long-term debt consisted of the following:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

   

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        The current portion of long-term debt is the amount payable
within one year of the balance sheet date of December 31, 2013. The
prime rate of interest was 3.25% on December 31, 2013 and 2012.

F-19

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE H—NOTES PAYABLE AND LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)**

        Maturities of notes payable and long-term debt are as follows
for the future years ending December 31(in thousands):

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|                   |     |     |        |     |
|-------------------|-----|-----|--------|-----|
|                   |     |     |        |     |
| 2014              |     | $   | 17,185 |     |
| 2015              |     |     | 7,998  |     |
| 2016              |     |     | 529    |     |
| 2017              |     |     | 396    |     |
|                   |     |     |        |     |
| ​                  | ​    | ​    | ​       | ​    |
| Total outstanding |     | $   | 26,108 |     |
|                   |     |     |        |     |
| ​                  | ​    | ​    | ​       | ​    |

</div>

</div>

        The U.S. bank loans and line of credit agreement require the
Company to meet certain financial covenants including a minimum current
ratio, debt service coverage, unrestricted cash and maximum debt over
tangible net worth ratio requirements. Collateral for the U.S. bank
loans and line of credit includes substantially all of the assets of the
Company. As of December 31, 2013, the Company was in compliance with all
of its financial and operational covenants associated with these loans.

        As of December 31, 2013, the Company had $9.1 million of unused
borrowing capacity.

        In December 2013, the Company renewed its U.S. revolving line of
credit of $7.0 million with the same U.S. bank with a maturity date of
November 15, 2015. The interest rate on this line of credit is the prime
rate plus 0.50% or the floor rate 3.75%, whichever is higher.

        The Company issued warrants to the same U.S. bank in connection
with the renewals of the loan in 2009, 2010 and 2012. The Company
estimated the fair value of these warrants at the date of the grant
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and records the expense
over the life of the warrants. As of December 31, 2013, 32,665 warrants
related to these loans are outstanding. As of December 31, 2013, $16,000
remains to be expensed for these warrants and this expense is expected
to be recognized over the next four years.

        The Company, through its China subsidiary, established RMB and
USD currency lines of credit for $12.1 million and $3.3 million with a
China Bank as of December 31, 2013. The interest rate for the RMB line
of credit ranged from 108% and 110% of the China prime rate. The
interest rate for USD currency ranged from 4.1% to 4.2%.This credit line
is a revolving line that is renewable by its anniversary. Collateral for
the loans includes the land use rights, building and equipment located
in China.

        The Company extended its equipment financing agreement of
$1.0 million with a Taiwan bank in 2013. The financing agreement
required equipment collateral. The agreement requires monthly
installment payments over 24 months and ends in July 2015. The financing
agreement bears interest at the rate of 4.95%.

F-20

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE H—NOTES PAYABLE AND LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)**

        The Company, through its Taiwan branch, established a
$8.0 million revolving line of credit with Taiwan banks in 2013. The
financing agreement required collateral of its time deposit of
$8.0 million that is included in short-term investments. The interest
rate for the revolving line of credit is variable every six months at
Taiwan Time Deposit Interest Rate Index plus 0.41% maturing in December
2014, which is 1.78% as of December 31, 2013.

**NOTE I—SHORT-TERM LOAN WITH SHAREHOLDERS**

        In 2010, the Company borrowed $3.2 million from 12 shareholders
under the terms of unsecured promissory note agreements. These notes
bore an interest rate of 6% with maturity dates of 18 months from the
effective dates of the notes originally maturing on October 21, 2011,
but extended to December 31, 2012. The note holders were also issued
warrants that expire by April 23, 2020, to purchase 51,200 shares of the
Company's Series F Preferred Stock, with an exercise price of $7.50 per
share. As part of the loan maturity date extension, additional warrants
to purchase 6,081 shares of the Company's Series G Preferred Stock were
issued in 2011 with an exercise price of $18.00 per share that expire on
April 23, 2020.

        In 2011, two of the note holders converted their respective
notes into shares of Series G Preferred Stock and four of the notes were
repaid in full. In 2012, five of the remaining note holders converted
their respective notes into shares of Series G Preferred Stock and one
of the notes was repaid. As of December 31, 2012, all principal and
interest related to these notes had been fully satisfied.

        During the year ended December 31, 2013, warrants related to
these loans were exercised for 64,219 shares of common stock.

**NOTE J—ACCRUED LIABILITIES**

        Accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of
December 31:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-21

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE K—OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSE**

        Other income and expense consisted of the following as of
December 31:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

**NOTE L—INCOME TAXES**

        The sources of our income or loss from operations before income
taxes were as follows:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        Deferred income tax assets and liabilities result principally
from net operating losses, different methods of recognizing
depreciation, reserve for doubtful accounts, inventory reserves for
obsolescence and accrued vacation, together with timing differences
between book and tax reporting. At December 31, the net deferred tax
assets and liabilities are comprised of the following approximate
amounts:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-22

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE L—INCOME TAXES (Continued)**

        The valuation allowance was established to reduce the deferred
tax asset for the amounts that will likely not be realized. This
reduction is primarily necessary due to the uncertainty of the Company's
ability to utilize all of the net operating loss carry forwards. The
valuation allowance decreased by $7.5 million in 2013 and increased by
approximately $1.5 million and $0.8 million in 2012 and 2011,
respectively.

        The Company has a U.S. net operating loss carry forward of
approximately $65.7 million, which expires between 2024 and 2033. The
Company also has U.S. research and development tax credits of
$1.6 million which expire between 2020 and 2032. The Company has a net
operating loss carryforward from its China operations of approximately
$3.6 million, which expires between 2014 and 2018. Utilization of net
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards are subject to a
substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations
set forth in Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Based upon analysis
performed with respect to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code,
approximately $21.7 million of the total available U.S. net operating
loss carry forwards will not be available for utilization as an offset
to taxable income in future periods. Because of changes in control that
are deemed to have occurred under Section 382, the Company's net
operating loss carry forward available in calendar year 2013 to shelter
taxable income was limited to $41.3 million at December 31, 2013, with
an additional $3.7 million becoming available between 2014 and 2025. The
additional $3.7 million is subject to an annual limitation of the
$0.3 million. Additional ownership changes could result in the
expiration of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforward before
utilization.

        The Company files income tax returns in the U.S federal
jurisdiction and various states and foreign jurisdictions. As of
December 31, 2013, the Company's federal returns for the year ended
December 31, 2011 through the current period are still open to
examination. In addition, all of the net operating losses and research
and development credit carry forwards that may be utilized in future
years are still subject to examination. The Company is not currently
subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax
examinations by any tax authorities.

        A reconciliation of the U.S. federal income tax rate of 34% for
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 to the Company's
effective income tax rate follows:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Prime World is a
tax-exempt entity under the Income Tax Code of the British Virgin
Islands.

F-23

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE L—INCOME TAXES (Continued)**

        The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Global Technology, Inc.,
has enjoyed preferential tax concessions in China as a national
high-tech enterprise. In March 2007, China's parliament enacted the PRC
Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, under which, effective
January 1, 2008, China adopted a uniform income tax rate of 25% for all
enterprises including foreign invested enterprises. Global Technology,
Inc. was recognized as a national high-tech enterprise in 2008 and was
entitled to a 15% tax rate for a three year period from November 2008 to
November 2011. In 2011, Global Technology, Inc. renewed its national
high-tech enterprise certificate and was therefore extended its three
year tax preferential status from November 2011 to November 2014.

        For 2011 and 2012, there were no identified uncertain tax
positions. During 2013, the Company's liabilities for uncertain tax
positions increased by $2.2 million based on tax positions related to
the Company's net operating loss carryforwards. As of December 31, 2013,
we had $2.2 million, of unrecognized tax benefits on net operating loss
carryforwards that must be certified under the dual consolidated loss
rules. If recognized, there would be no impact the Company's effective
tax rate as a result of the full valuation allowance previously
recognized. We believe that it is reasonably possible that $0 of our
remaining unrecognized tax positions may be recognized by the end of
2014 as a result of a lapse of the statute of limitations.

**NOTE M—SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION**

        The Company's board of directors and stockholders previously
approved the 1998 Share Incentive Plan, the 2000 Share Incentive Plan,
the 2004 Share Incentive Plan and the 2006 Share Incentive Plan
(collectively the "Prior Plans"). As of December 31, 2013, the Company
had options outstanding to purchase 708,473 shares of common stock under
its Prior Plans with a weighted average exercise price of $6.68 per
share. Following the Company's initial public offering in September
2013, no further awards will be granted under the Prior Plans. However,
all outstanding awards under the Prior Plans will continue to exist and
will continue to be governed by their existing terms.

        On April 12, 2013, our board of directors adopted and approved
the Company's 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, (the "2013 Plan"), and it was
subsequently approved by the Company's stockholders on May 21, 2013. As
of December 31, 2013, the Company had options outstanding to purchase
759,429 shares of common stock under the 2013 Plan with a weighted
average exercise price of $9.97 per share.

        The Company issues stock options to employees, consultants and
non-employee directors. Stock option awards for the Prior Plans and the
2013 Plan generally vest over a four year period and have a maximum term
of ten years. Stock options under these plans have been granted with an
exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of the grant.
Nonqualified and Incentive Stock Options and restrictive stock units
("RSUs") may be granted from these plans. Prior to the Company's initial
public offering, the fair market value of the Company's stock had been
historically determined by the board of directors and from time to time
with the assistance of third party valuation specialists.

F-24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE M—SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)**

        Under the 2013 Plan, participants may be granted RSUs,
representing an unfunded, unsecured right to receive common stock on the
date specified in the recipient's award. The RSUs granted under the plan
generally vest over one year at a rate of 1/12^(th) per month. The
Company recognizes compensation expense on a straight-line basis over
the applicable vesting term of the award.

        During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company granted
33,000 RSUs with a total grant-date fair value of $0.3 million. The
resulting compensation expense recorded in the year ended December 31,
2013 was approximately $0.2 million. At December 31, 2013, there was
$0.1 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs, all of
which is expected to be realized within one year.

        The Company estimates the fair value of employee stock options
at the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
with the following assumptions:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        As there had been no market for the Company's common stock prior
to its initial public offering, the expected volatility for options
granted to date was derived from an analysis of reported data for a peer
group of companies that issued options with similar terms. The expected
volatility has been determined using an average of the expected
volatility reported by this peer group of companies. The Company uses a
risk free interest rate based on the 10-year Treasury as reported during
the period. The expected term of the options has been determined
utilizing the simplified method which calculates a simple average based
on vesting period and option life. The Company does not anticipate
paying dividends in the near future. Estimated forfeitures are based on
historical experience and future work force projections.

        Employee share-based compensation expenses recognized for the
years ended December 31, were as follows:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-25

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE M—SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)**

        Options have been granted to the Company's employees under the
five incentive plans and generally become exercisable as to 25% of the
shares on the first anniversary date following the date of grant and
semi-annually thereafter. All options expire ten years after the date of
grant.

        The following is a summary of option activity:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        The following table summarizes information about the options
outstanding at December 31, 2013:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:54%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-26

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE M—SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)**

        As of December 31, 2013, total compensation cost related to
unvested stock options not yet recognized was $5.1 million, which is
expected to be expensed over a weighted-average period of 3.41 years.
The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and options
exercisable as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 was
$2.5 million and $0.7 million, respectively.

        The number and weighted average fair value of options granted in
2013, 2012 and 2011 is as follows:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:65%;margin-left:17%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-27

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE N—STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY**

1.     *Common Stock*

        The Company has authorized the issuance of up to 45,000,000
shares of common stock, all of which have been designated voting common
stock, under its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

2.     *Convertible Preferred Stock*

        The Company has authorized the issuance of up to 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock under the Company's Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation.

3.     *Warrants*

        As of December 31, 2013, the Company had outstanding warrants to
purchase:

•  
15,999 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.25 per share.  
  

•  
9,999 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $15.00 per share.  
  

•  
6,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $10.50 per share.

        For the year ended December 31, 2013, $57,000 of expense was
recorded related to these warrants. At December 31, 2013, $16,000 of
deferred compensation remains to be expensed for these warrants. During
the year ended December 31, 2013, warrants were exercised for 74,219
shares of common stock.

*Public Offering of Common Stock*

        On September 25, 2013, the Company sold 3.6 million shares of
its common stock in its initial public offering at a price of $10.00 per
share, providing proceeds of $31.5 million net of expenses and
underwriting discounts and commissions. The Company's initial public
offering closed on October 1, 2013.

**NOTE O—SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION**

        The Company operates in one reportable segment. The Company's
Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to be the chief operating
decision maker, manages the Company's operations as a whole and reviews
financial information presented on a consolidated basis, accompanied by
information about product revenue, for purposes of evaluating financial
performance and allocating resources.

        The following tables set forth the Company's revenue and asset
information by geographic region. Revenue is classified based on the
location of product manufacturing plants. Long-lived

F-28

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE O—SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION (Continued)**

assets in the tables below comprise only property, plant, equipment and
intangible assets (in thousands):

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

   

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

        The Company serves three primary markets, the CATV, internet
data center and FTTH markets. Of the Company's total revenues in 2013,
the Company earned $47.4 million, or 60.4%, from the CATV market,
$19.4 million, or 24.7%, from the internet data center market,
$4.4 million, or 5.6%, from the FTTH market, and $7.3 million, or 9.3%,
from other markets. Of the Company's total revenues in 2012, the Company
earned $49.8 million, or 78.6%, from the CATV market, $5.3 million, or
8.3%, from the internet data center market, $3.7 million, or 5.8% from
the FTTH market, and $4.6 million, or 7.3% from other markets.

**NOTE P—MAJOR CUSTOMERS**

        The Company currently derives its revenues from customers in the
United States and throughout the rest of the world. Generally, the
Company does not require deposits or other collateral to support
customer receivables. The Company performs an initial and periodic
credit evaluation of its customers and maintains an allowance for
uncollectible accounts for potential uncollectible accounts. The
historical amount of losses on uncollectible accounts has been within
the Company's estimates. The Company generates much of its revenue from
a limited number of customers. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, its top ten
customers represented 76.9%, 77.6% and 76.6% of its revenue,
respectively. In 2013, Cisco Systems, Inc. represented 21.8% of its
revenue, Amazon represented 18.2% of its revenue and Biogenomics Corp.,
a distributor, represented 8.7% of its total revenue. The five largest
receivable balances for customers

F-29

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE P—MAJOR CUSTOMERS (Continued)**

represented an aggregate of 66%, and 58% of total accounts receivable at
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.

**NOTE Q—EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS**

        On August 1, 2000, the Company established a 401(k) profit
sharing plan covering employees meeting certain age and service
requirements. The plan provides for discretionary Company contributions
to be allocated based on the employee's eligible contributions. The
Company made no contributions to the 401(k) plan for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.

        Employees of Global participate in a state-mandated social
security program in China. Under this program, pension costs are
recorded on the basis of required monthly contributions to employees'
individual accounts during their service periods. Under the regulations
of the People's Republic of China, Global is required to make fixed
contributions to a fund, which is under the administration of the local
labor departments. Employees of AOI—Taiwan participate in a pension
program under the Taiwan Labor Pension Act. Pension expense for Global
was $384,000, $244,000 and $206,000 in 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. Pension expense for AOI—Taiwan was $203,000, $168,000 and
$123,000 in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

**NOTE R—COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES**

1.     *Commitments*

        The Company conducts part of its operations from leased
facilities and also leases equipment. Rent expense was $0.6 million,
$0.6 million and $0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, respectively.

        At December 31, 2013, the approximate minimum rental commitments
under noncancellable leases in excess of one year that expire at varying
dates through 2017 were as follows:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

2.     *Employment Agreements and Consultancy Agreements*

        The Company has entered into employment and indemnification
agreements with three executive officers. These agreements provide that
if their employment is terminated as a result of a change of control of
the Company, or if their employment is terminated for certain other
reasons set forth in the agreements, the Company will be required to pay
a severance payment in

F-30

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE R—COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)**

an amount equal to their annual base salary, and other additional
compensation due under the terms of the agreements.

        The Company has also entered into employment and indemnification
agreements with two other executive officers. These agreements provide
that if their employment is terminated as a result of a change of
control of the Company, the Company will be required to pay a severance
payment in an amount equal to six months of their annual base salary,
and other additional compensation due under the terms of the agreements.

        In 2012, the Company entered into consulting agreements with two
of its shareholders and board members for a period of one year from June
2012 to June 2013. Each agreement provides that a consulting fee will be
paid to the consultant within 30 days after submission of the invoice by
the consultant. The Company incurred $35,000 and $41,000 of consulting
service fees to these consultants in 2013 and 2012, respectively.

3.     *Contingencies*

        The Company may be party to litigation, claims or assessments in
the ordinary course of business. Management is not aware of any of these
matters that would have a material effect on the financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows of the Company.

**NOTE S—RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS**

        The Company had the following related parties' activities with
its shareholders:

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

**NOTE T—SUBSEQUENT EVENTS**

        We have evaluated subsequent events through the date the
financial statements were available to be issued.

        On January 28, 2014, the Company's board of directors granted
stock options for 107,800 shares of the Company's common stock to
various employees of the Company. The stock options have an exercise
price of $13.84 per share and vest over a four year period from date of
grant.

        On January 3, 2014, the Company paid down $7.0 million of loans
subsequent to year-end.

        On January 6, 2014, the Company paid down $4.5 million of loans
of its China subsidiary subsequent to year-end.

F-31

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE T—SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (Continued)**

        Subsequent to year end, the Company drew down $4.0 million of
loans of its Taiwan bank facility.

**NOTE U—SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)**

        The following tables set forth a summary of the Company's
quarterly financial information for each of the four quarters for the
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-32

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

**  
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. and Subsidiaries**

**NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)**

**NOTE U—SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) (Continued)**

   

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

F-33

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  

<div
style="width:100%;border-top:solid #000000 3.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in 0in;font-size:3.0pt;">

</div>

<div
style="width:100%;border-top:solid #000000 1.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in 0in;font-size:4.0pt;">

</div>

**2,700,000 shares**

**![GRAPHIC](data:image/jpg;base64,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)**

**Common Stock**

**  
**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**PROSPECTUS**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|                   |     |                   |
|-------------------|-----|-------------------|
|                   |     |                   |
| **RAYMOND JAMES** |     | **PIPER JAFFRAY** |

</div>

</div>

  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|                       |     |                           |     |                  |
|-----------------------|-----|---------------------------|-----|------------------|
|                       |     |                           |     |                  |
| **COWEN AND COMPANY** |     | **ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS** |     | **CRAIG-HALLUM** |

</div>

</div>

March     , 2014

<div
style="width:100%;border-top:solid #000000 1.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in 0in;font-size:3.0pt;">

</div>

<div
style="width:100%;border-top:solid #000000 3.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in 0in;font-size:4.0pt;">

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**PART II  
  
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS  
**

**Item 13.    Other Expenses of Issuance And Distribution  
**

        The following table sets forth the costs and expenses, other
than underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by registrant in
connection with the sale of common stock being registered. All amounts
are estimates except the SEC registration fee and the FINRA filing fee.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:70%;margin-left:15%;">

<div align="CENTER">

|                                   |     |     |         |     |
|-----------------------------------|-----|-----|---------|-----|
|                                   |     |     |         |     |
| SEC registration fee              |     | $   | 10,836  |     |
| FINRA filing fee                  |     | $   | 13,120  |     |
| Printing and mailing costs        |     | $   | 45,000  |     |
| Legal fees and expenses           |     | $   | 373,500 |     |
| Accounting fees and expenses      |     | $   | 110,000 |     |
| Blue Sky fees and expenses        |     | $   | 5,000   |     |
| Transfer agent and registrar fees |     | $   | 10,000  |     |
| Miscellaneous expenses            |     | $   | 40,000  |     |
|                                   |     |     |         |     |
| ​                                  | ​    | ​    | ​        | ​    |
| Total Expenses                    |     | $   | 607,456 |     |
|                                   |     |     |         |     |
| ​                                  | ​    | ​    | ​        | ​    |
| ​                                  | ​    | ​    | ​        | ​    |
|                                   |     |     |         |     |

</div>

</div>

**Item 14.    Indemnification of Directors and Officers  
**

        Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL")
authorizes a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers against
liabilities arising out of actions, suits and proceedings to which they
are made or threatened to be made a party by reason of the fact that
they have served or are currently serving as a director or officer to a
corporation. The indemnity may cover expenses (including attorneys'
fees) judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by the director or officer in connection with any
such action, suit or proceeding. Section 145 permits corporations to pay
expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by directors and officers
in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding.
In addition, Section 145 provides that a corporation has the power to
purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of its directors and officers
against any liability asserted against them and incurred by them in
their capacity as a director or officer, or arising out of their status
as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to
indemnify the director or officer against such liability under
Section 145.

        Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws limit or eliminate the
personal liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by
the DGCL, as it now exists or may in the future be amended.
Consequently, a director will not be personally liable to us or our
stockholders for monetary damages or breach of fiduciary duty as a
director, except for liability for:

•  
any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to us or our
stockholders;  
  

•  
any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of law;  
  

•  
any unlawful payments related to dividends or unlawful stock purchases,
redemptions or other distributions; or  
  

•  
any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
benefit.

II-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        These limitations of liability do not alter director liability
under the federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of
equitable remedies such as an injunction or rescission.

        In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that:

•  
we will indemnify our directors, officers and, in the discretion of our
board of directors, certain employees to the fullest extent permitted by
the DGCL, as it now exists or may in the future be amended; and  
  

•  
we will advance reasonable expenses, including attorneys' fees, to our
directors and, in the discretion of our board of directors, to our
officers and certain employees, in connection with legal proceedings
relating to their service for or on behalf of us, subject to limited
exceptions.

        We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
directors and certain of our executive officers. These agreements
provide that we will indemnify each of our directors and certain of our
executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law.

        We also maintain general liability insurance which covers
certain liabilities of our directors and officers arising out of claims
based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers,
including liabilities under the Securities Act.

**Item 15.    Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  
**

        In the three completed fiscal years preceding the filing of this
registration statement, we have issued the following securities that
were not registered under the Securities Act:

        On December 31, 2011, we issued and sold an aggregate of
222,554 shares of Series G preferred stock to twenty-five investors, at
a price of $18.00 per share, in the initial closing of our Series G
private placement. Between May 25, 2012 and September 7, 2012, we issued
and sold an additional 1,046,999 shares of Series G preferred stock to
fifty-four investors, at a price of $10.50 per share, in the second
closing of our Series G private placement. As a result of the second
closing of our Series G private placement, we agreed to amend the per
share price of the initial closing of our Series G private placement
from $18.00 per share to $10.50 per share and, as a result an additional
158,973 shares of Series G preferred stock was issued to the investors
of the initial closing of our Series G private placement. As a result, a
total of 1,428,526 shares of Series G preferred stock was issued by our
company. Of the total proceeds received under our Series G private
placement, $4.2 million was recorded (of which $3.0 million was booked
as a receivable) during the six-month period ending June 30, 2012, and
the $3.0 million receivable was collected and the remaining proceeds
from the private placement were received during the second half of 2012.

        No underwriters were used in the foregoing transactions. All
sales of securities described above were made in reliance upon the
exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act (and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder) of the Securities Act
for transactions by a registrant not involving a public offering. All of
the foregoing securities are deemed restricted securities for the
purposes of the Securities Act.

        Upon the completion of our initial public offering, each share
of redeemable Series A preferred stock converted into approximately
3.1731 shares of common stock, each share of

II-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

Series C preferred stock converted into approximately 2.3107 shares of
common stock, each share of Series D preferred stock converted into
approximately 2.5360 shares of common stock, each share of Series E
preferred stock converted into approximately 3.6186 shares of common
stock, each share of Series F preferred stock converted into
approximately 1.2000 shares of common stock, and each share of Series G
preferred stock converted into 1.0000 share of common stock.

        From January 1, 2010 to the filing of our registration statement
on Form S-8 on November 19, 2013 ("Form S-8"), we granted stock options
to purchase an aggregate of 1,311,327 shares of common stock with
exercise prices ranging from $6.00 to $13.13 per share, to employees,
officers, directors and consultants pursuant to our stock option plans.
Options to purchase 18,053 shares of common stock have been exercised
for consideration aggregating $108,042.00 from January 1, 2010 to the
filing of our Form S-8. From January 1, 2010 to the filing of our
Form S-8, we granted 33,000 restricted stock units to directors pursuant
to our stock option plans. The issuance of common stock upon exercise of
the options and the RSU grants were exempt either pursuant to Rule 701,
as a transaction pursuant to a compensatory benefit plan, or pursuant to
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation S of the Securities
Act, as a transaction by a registrant not involving a public offering.
The shares of common stock issued upon exercise of options and the RSU
grants are deemed restricted securities for the purposes of the
Securities Act.

        On November 2, 2012, we issued warrants to our U.S. lender to
purchase 6,667 shares of Series G preferred stock, with an exercise
price of $10.50 per share and an expiration date equal to thirty days
after the expiration of the initial lock-up period agreed to between our
company and its underwriters in connection with our initial public
offering. As of the filing of this registration statement, none of the
warrants described above have been exercised.

        On May 17, 2011, we issued warrants to Alliance Management
Consulting Co. Ltd. to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock in
partial consideration of certain services provided to us. The exercise
price of the warrants is $6.00 per share and expired upon the closing of
our initial public offering. Prior to such expiration, warrants were
exercised for 10,000 shares of common stock.

        On December 31, 2011, we issued warrants to purchase
33,385 shares of Series G preferred stock, with an exercise price of
$18.00 per share in connection with the initial closing of our Series G
private placement, to the investors of the initial closing of our
Series G private placement. However, the warrants were terminated as a
result of the second closing of our Series G private placement in which
we agreed to amend the per share price of the initial closing of our
Series G Private Placement from $18.00 per share to $10.50 per share. As
of the filing of this registration statement, none of the warrants
described above have been exercised.

        On December 31, 2011, we issued warrants to eight individuals
and entities to purchase 6,081 shares of Series G preferred stock in
connection with eight promissory notes we entered into with such
individuals and entities. The exercise price of the warrants is $18.00
per share and expired upon the closing of our initial public offering.
Prior to such expiration, warrants were exercised for 2,778 shares of
Series G preferred stock.

II-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

        No underwriters were used in the foregoing transactions. All
sales of securities described above were made in reliance upon the
exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act (and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder) of the Securities Act
for transactions by a registrant not involving a public offering. All of
the foregoing securities are deemed restricted securities for the
purposes of the Securities Act.

**Item 16.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
**

        See the Exhibit Index on the page immediately following the
signature page for a list of exhibits filed as part of this registration
statement on Form S-1, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by
reference.

        Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the
information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is
shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.

**Item 17.    Undertakings  
**

        The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the
underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements
certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as
required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each
purchaser.

        Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and
controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the provisions
described in Item 14 of this registration statement, or otherwise, the
registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the
event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other
than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a
director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by
such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion
of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such
issue.

        The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that:

II-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**SIGNATURES  
**

        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
registrant has duly caused this amendment to the registration statement
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized
in the City of Houston, State of Texas, on March 14, 2014.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

II-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**SIGNATURES  
**

        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
amendment to the registration statement has been signed by the following
persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

II-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:100%;margin-left:0%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

II-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

  
**EXHIBIT INDEX  
**

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Table of Contents](#bg10501a_main_toc)

<div style="padding:0pt;position:relative;width:80%;margin-left:10%;">

<div align="CENTER">

[TABLE]

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div
style="padding:0pt;position:relative;text-align:left;margin-left:10%;">

\*  
Filed herewith.  
  

\*\*  
XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished
and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for
purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not otherwise subject to
liability under these Sections.

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
